MANAGEMENT IN CONFIDENCE
UNCLASSIFIED

’ ‘ LOOSE MINUTE

D/S4 (Air) /8/3

D155 (Section 40 /
gpsLQEizoLnar)

Copy to: ACS(G)(RAF)

UFOs ~ DEBATE IN THE LORDS

I enclose a first draft of a proposed concluding speech
for Lord Strabolgi in the Lords" debate.

2. The draft tries to take account of the points made to us

on Thursday by Lord Strabolgi. Hewever, on starting to re-

read the Early of Clancarty's book 'Mysterious Visitors' I

have appreciated more fully how heavily the Earl has hedged

his bets about space travel: indeed he suggests that the 'sky
people' are 'paranormal' and come from 'another space/time
dimension'. I do not recommend trying to track the Earl through
other dimensions, and suggest we stick to the bare essentials
that we proposed to Lord Strabolgi ~ that there are plenty of
phenomena, that there are perfectly sensible explanations gor
them, and that the explanations offered by ufology are unncessary and
prove idiotic under critical examination.

3. I would be grateful for any recent recorded cases to cover
the parts of para 5; otherwise I shall draw on the Condon Report
and Klass (the anti-UFO investigator).

4. Clancarty is likely to produce some 'documented‘and fully
authenticat d cases'. I would like to be able to demolish one
as an illus on. I have provisionally chosen the disappearance
of the Nor olk Battalion at Gallipoli, which Clancartry quotes
in one of his books: Ed of Army Historical Branch says that this
is a 'regular', about which the facts can be produced.

5. I would be grateful for comments, criticisms and additional
arguments or cases. At this stage I am particularly anxious to
know whether you agree to the main line of arguments. Because
time is short I would be grateful for telephone comments.

6. The present draft is about 2,000 words, around 15 minutes.

7. I have copied this minute to ACS(G)(RAF), and I would be
grateful for his comments on the general line of’gggpment.

Secﬂon40

H (1 sum )
‘8 D°°°mb°r ‘978 UNCLASSIFIED Seiimo 1”

 

.MANAGEMENT IN CONFIDENCE

