 

 

 

' British Citizens:

House of Lords

Thwart/(1y, III/1 Marc/t, 1982.

as

The House met at three of the clock (Prayers liming
hem rem] enr/ier (II I/H.’ Jm/icin/ Sill/ll}; by lite Lort/
Bishop 0] Derby): The LORD CHANCEIJDR on the
\Voolsack.

British Citizens: Overseas Supplements

Lord llatch of Lttshy: My Lords, I beg leave to ash.
the first Question which stands in tny name on the
Order Paper.

The Qttestion was as follows:

To asl; Her Majesty‘s Government how many
British citizens received liritislt Expatriates Supple-
mentation Scheme or Overs Has Service Aid Scheme
supplements itt 1979 and in 1931 and what further
changes are planned.

The l.’arli:uucntary Under‘Sceretnry of State, Foreign
and Commonwealth Ofticc (Lord 'l‘refgarne): My
Lords, the average number of llritish Citizens receiving
British Expatriates Supplementation Scheme or Over-
seas Service Aid Scheme supplements in 1979 was
4,083. 'ln l98l, the comparable ftgttre vas 2,975.
The. numbers have fallen steadily since 1970 anti
reductions are expected to contirtue'at about 10 per
cent. per annum over the next few years.
in terms of service are planned at the moment.

Lent Hatch of Lusby: My Lords, may i ask the. noble
Lord the lu'tinis‘tcr whether lte has read the Answer
given by his colleague toa similar Question which I
put itt December“? The Answer, whiclt I paraphrase,
was that the numbers had fallen because local indi-
genous people had now become sufﬁciently trai ted to
ltlltc thoSe positions. if the noble Lord has looked
since at these ﬁgures, would he agree that this is nor
an adequate answer and that this is a deliberate policy
by the Government to reduce the number of llriiish
'eitizons who are given supplements to Work overseas?
Would the noble Lotti further agree that this is causing.
very great difliettlty to uni 'ersities, to technical colleges
and to a whole range tif national activities in the
Commonwealth?

Lord 'l‘refgarzte: No, I do not agree with that, my
Lords. l have indeed studied the Answer which nty
noble friend Lord Shelmersdae gave to the noble
Lord, Lord Ilatch of Lusby. at the end of last year.
The reaSOtts which my noble friend then gave remain
cerrect.

Lord llateh of ﬂeshy: lint surely the figures which
have been given this afternoon, ifl heard correctly.
have reduced the number by about 25 per cent in two
years. Does this not entail a great reduction in
h'itish inlltaenre all over the Cornatonwenlth? And
is the noble Lo't'd tuvare that particularly in universities
it is. causing very great anxiety and dillien ty over the
rccruitn‘rcnt of tltc requisite trained staff?
llLlS M2

[4 MARCH 1982]

' 350 sightings; and iii I98], 600 sightings.

No changes '

 

Overseas Supplwucnts 1370

Lord 'l‘refgarne: My Lords, the. numbers have indeed
declined, as l described in the original Answer and as
was referred to at the time of the earlier Question at
the end of last year. littt one has to remember that
these schemes are operated in the closest consultation
with the various Governments concerned, and they
sometimes choose to use the aid funds for other
purposes.

Unidentified Flying Objects: Sightings

3.4 pm;

The Iinrl of Clanenrty: My Lords, l beg leave to
ash the Question which stands in my name on the
Order Paper.

The Question was as follows:

To :1le Her Majesty‘s Government how many
reports have been received by the Ministry of
Defence on unidentiﬁed flying objects (UFOs) in
each of the last four years, and what action has been
taken in each case.

Viscount Leng: My Lords, in 1978 there were 750
sightings; in 1979 there were 550 sightings; itt 1980,
All UFO
reports are passed to operations staff who examine
them solely for possible defence implications.

The Earl of Clancarty: My Lords, while thanking
the noble Viscount for that Answer, nay I ask trim
whether or not it is a fact that over 2,000 authenticated
UFO reports were published last year in the national
press? if so, were they a .cepted or passed On to the
Ministry of Defence? And what herniated to them ‘?

Viscount Lung: My Lords, they did not all get to
the. Ministry of Defence. I have just informed your
Lordships of the numbers sighted. if the noble Earl
is Suspicious that the Ministry of Defence is covering
up in any way, l can assure him that there is no reason
why we should cover up the figures which lte has
mentioned if they are true. The Sole interest of the
lvtinistry of Defence in UFO reports is to establish
whether they reveal anything; of defence interest—for
example. a Russian aircraft or an unidentified aircraft
-—\‘.’lllCil might have breached our security systems.
That is the sole reason wlty we are interested in the

- reports.

Lord Wynne-Jones: My Lords, does the Answer
given mean that since there has been a Conservative
Gt’tvernntent the. UFOs have done a U-turn and
departed?

Viscount Long: Not according to my reading, my
Lords.

The. Earl of Kimberley: My Lords, as my noble.
friend said that (:(K) UFOs had been ullieially reported
or achttoaxletlgcd by the htliuistry of Defence. in lihsl.
mavl all; lllltl how many of those sightings still remain
trttidetriilied and were not subject to security, or were
Russian ilfl'(l|3l.llltff‘-.'0l' anything; like that?

 

