Ullit]:‘llll_7f€d~l‘7)’illg

a“ ,I’ i i
‘ II ‘Itrount long: My Lords I do not have those
ﬁgure: they disappeared into the unknown belore
got :IIIIII.

l'-l Shubolgi: My Lords, may I ask the noble
Vis)’ .231 “he‘ll“? ”N PICSCM Government adhere to
the view of tlte previous Ometnntent which I put
fornatd when I repliI ed tot he debate three years ago
in your Lordships‘ l~louse, that most of these so-called
sightings can be accounted for as natural phenomena?

Viscount Long: Yes, my Lords, they can be. Many
of them are accounted for in one way or another,
but nobody has got a really constructive answer for
all ofthem. '

Lord Phil-Norton: My Lords, may i ask the noble
Viscount whether or not it is true that all the sighting
reports received by the Ministry of Defence before
l962 were destroyed because they were deemed “ to
be of no interest”? And if it is true, who was it
who decided that they were of no interest?

Viscount Long: My Lords, my reply to the noble
and gallant I_ord-——] was wondering whether he v.25
going to say that the Royal Navy had many times seen
the Loch ls‘ess IIIonstcr——is that since [967 all UFO
reports have been preserved. Before that time, they
were generally destroyed after five years.

Lord Puget of Northampton: M y Lord Is, cart the noble
Viscount tell us whether, out at tlte;e thousands of
sightings whie l he ha. Incn'IIe'I'Ied, them has been a
single 0th whieh suggested any menace to our ({ch nces?
In the circumstances, is not an awtul lot 01 time being

wasted on this nonsense?

Viscount Long: My Lords, i think Iler Majesty‘s
Government are waiting for an invitation from them
to discuss these problems.

Mr. Anatoly2 Sheltaransky: Reptesentations

3.9p.m.

Lord Rentoa: My Lords, I beg leave to ask the
Question which stands in my name on the Order
Paper.

The Question was as follows:

To ask Her Majesty‘s Go‘2e'ernm at whether they
are mom that Anatoly Shehaiansky has for the p.12t
l5 months bee undernourished, tortured and
frequently placed in punishment cells, and in October
l98l had his prison sentence increased by 3 years
for his refusal‘to plead guilty 20 a charge of which
he has always mainta: ned his I: mo; ence; and \I'hethe'
they will request the Soviet Cimcmntent to state
whether they intend to keep him in those uneiviliscd
conditions until he relents or dies.

Lord 'l'refgaI-ne: My Lords. Her Majesty‘s Govern~
ment remain gravely concerned about the plight of
Anatoly Sheharansky and are disturbed by recent
reports of his illvtreatment. We have raised this case.

’with the Soviet authorities on many occasions, [IQIII

.l LORDS 1

 

Object/s: I ig/Ilt'ngs 1372
in direct bilateral contact and at the I‘I‘lll:.lt‘i:I~:2.§;\‘iei'*ii
meeting; We shall continue to take a close interest
in MI ShihaIanskvs Case nd tomalze l’I:|iIl’t.‘Se‘lllllli0llS
as suitable opportunities arise.

Lord Ream: My Lords, may I thank my noble
friend not only for-that Answer but for the action
which he and. the Foreign Olliee have been and are
taking with regard to Sheharansky's plight? May I
ask my nob efriend v. IIether or not the Soviet Govern-
ment’s’faihue c, as shown by the treatment of Sheharan-
sky and otheIs, to honour lheit Helsinki undettal: IIIIIs
diminishes their credibility in relation to all other
matters in which they say they are seeking agreement
and on which they wetIIIl like to be believed '?

Lord Trefgarnc: if I may say so, my herds, my
noble friend has put his finger on the nub of the pro-
bIeIn. How can we believe what they say in negotia-
tions sue h as the IMF negotiations, the MBFR
negotiations as they are called in Vienna, or in any
other forum for that matter, when they do not do
what they said they would do at Helsinki in I976?

Lord Shinnell: My Lords, in view of the rumours,
which are probably well founded, that Mr. Brezhnev
is about to retire, could a message from your Lord-
ships' House be sent to him through the Soviet Embassy
wishing him for the remainder of his life—and we hope
he has manv years left yet—- peace and contentment
and ast’I'ng \I hether, as a gIacious act upon his retire-
ment. he will ensure that MI. ShchaIansky is treated as
It civiiised person?

Lord 'I‘rcl'garne: le ords,I ‘ would certainly be will-
ing to send another message to the Soviet UI ion about
MI. ShehaIansky ifl thought it would haII 2 any clfect.
As to the future of Mr. Brezhnev, i believe that that is
a matter for them to decide for themselves.

Visemmt I‘doantgarret: My Lords, would it not help
if the western nations ceased providing wheat to the
Soviet Union, at a time when they are ﬁnding them-
selves short, until they term: to carry out such inhuman
activities against individuals and sovereign States?

Lord TIT-“game: My Lords, the failure of the Soviet
agrieulturai industry is now plain for all to see, but l
am not sure that the interests of the West are served

2 by $19 Iving them out

Lord lilII‘yII-Jones: My Lords, in view of the fact
that the treatment of Sheharunsky seems to ban
.erious violation of human rights, has the matter
been raised before the sub-commission on human
rights at the United Nations?

lord 'l‘refgarue: My Lords, i am not certain that
the matter has been raised before that particular body
but certainly it has heen raised before ail the others i
mentioned. There could be a good opportunity for
doing as the noble and learned Lord suggests.

Lord Ave-bury: M)’ Louis :S tnc hi1 nist er :Ionc that
MI. SlIclIaIanshy is a ver distinguished computeI
scientist? Will he therefore consider a reduction in

 

