WESTYORKSHME METROPOLHAN POUCE
Reference:

MINUTE SHEET

Subject Stat-on; Dale: ...... 2 6...N9.vemb.er...l.38.4 ........................

UNIDENTIFIED Chief Superintendent Section 40
FLYING OBJECT
At 14.10 hours on Wednesday 28 November 1984, I attended at
SeCﬂOFI4O Otley and there spoke to
Section 40 and her mother Section 40

SeCﬂOFI4O informed me that at about 14.25 hours on
Tuesday 27 November 1984 she was stood in the kitchen of
the above address looking out towards Otley Chevin, which
is to the South of Otley, when she saw an object which she
describes as disc shape and spherical, and larger than a
distbin lid. No lights were displayed on the object and it

appeared to be moving under power as opposed to drifting
about in the sky.

I informed both ladies that to the best of my knowledge when
aircraft took off or landed from Yeadon Airport they cleared
The Chevin at approximately 500 feet, and I asked them if the
object was as high in the sky as this. Secﬂon‘40 informed
me that it was lower.

Whilst watching the object I was informed that the sun
not shining, however, it appeared to them to be a dull
colour but when either the underside or topside was in
it glinted with a metallic effect.

JZXa/fﬂ§(
When the object was first §inc€'it was to the South of Otley
and was below the skyline of Otley Chevin. The object then
travelled towards the North East, that is right across the
Wharfedale Valley in the direction of a small radio mast
situated near Almscliffe Crag. Whilst watching the object
they saw it turn round travel back across the valley in a
Southerly direction over ploughed fields in front of
Farnley Hall, and appeared to land in an area kn0wn as
Knotford Nook.

Both ladies did not actually see the object land as at this
point their view was obscured by trees. They then returned
inside the house.

At 15.30 hours the same day, I spoke to the Air Traffic
Controller at Yeadon Airport, who informed me that at the
time and on the date in question there was no aircraft
movement whatsoever from the Airport and no weather ballons
had been released at that time.

On instructions of Headquarters minute sheet dated 9 November
1967, I submit this report for the information of the Chief
Superintendent, Headquarters Admin so that he may notify

the Ministry of Defence.

Section 40

Section 40 ). 3+ if“?

 

 

