...g¢..ueanﬁ my two letters to the Baae would have been on.heaﬁed letter

o

writing payer. A have since then waved to Cneshirs on a )5rmanent fcoﬁing
aﬁﬁ l wrota t0 EmA.§~ St ﬁawgan informing hem of thisgso they mould infomn
ymuraelves.

In A9211 and H&J,PEFQIC ataff axamined closely the route thaﬁ tha
‘lighi‘ tcox,in case any danage had occurred to the natural or man made
habitat in that areaEWe did this because of tﬁg alcseness thé ”light‘
tnavelled by,duxing the sighting. This inaludsd 80mg eottag&a that ware
9cc&piedya baxn and a bara tyya building,usad t0 store farming aquipmant.
QThe witneas stated the '1ight' reflected an orange glow on & wkite ccttage
wall}. Thé Elight‘ also flew aver the heagaxow and 30m& trees in the lacality.
In our examination of tnese areas,we discovered some burut patches cf greund
an.a tras&.leading ta a field,aad same burnt amall tre&5.5$ first we thowvgt
thes§ might have been caused by the ‘light’;hnwavar Eince then we have
excluded this theory. He 5180 discovered a tree,whigh hag been hit by an
aizboxne cbgect,beeause mmst of it‘s upper branahss hava bean ripped off.
Th8 “snay' marks an the branches arﬁ all similar indicating thﬂ éamaga was
done by 0&2 incidenﬂeﬁux pﬁotagraphs gnaw this damags very clearly.

kl.

Qbservaﬁion 0i aircraft ast.¥it§ over this areagdcea not help with any
canclusicn.aa to the nature of t is “lignt'~A11 aircraﬁt a$& mmch.tom high
in altitude is have damaged ihé tgees

One theory we have maﬁa is that it cauld have been an experimental
exercisa from R.A¢F. St ﬁaxgwa,howev&r if this 18 eorrectythen ﬁber“ is some
concern to tha safety of property and even people in this legality¢lf thi$
theery is correctgthen any ccrrect grocaedares éeaigneﬁ for the exercise
wexe fcllcweﬁ grosaly incorrecﬁly,and should not be allowed to haygan againg
Anether theery ia that of a misaila expeximen$,whicn if corractgweﬂt
horribly wrongglf the ”lian5 was a genuine ‘U.Fcﬂ.' them a qaestiom.we muat
aex,ia "why dig it go unchallengad in an arbg 1955 than one mile frsm the
H¢£§m Fa Basﬁ?"a

ﬂux invagtigatiang Lute this sightinq hava involved ﬂaveral peeplgg
and they,including mgsalfpand same 0f the 100a: paoyle wh$rs this incidenﬁ
accurrad are somewhat ccncerneﬁ at the safety aspect anf potgntial aangerz

thig incident might have caused.

This slanting is one of fivesheing discuaaed at a wager Ganference
1a tha ﬁcrtn w west in Cctober,and we would b@ mast gratefull if ysu csulé
acknowledge and rayly ta my letters to both you,and the R.A.F. I feel thaé
a waiﬂ oﬁ nearly turee moatha far * r&ply from an Qificial Govsxnment body

(3;
ia a little 'alow’ to say the least. I would not wgwte my own.£ima,and yourﬁ
if a mama ”light in $h$ gay” had been shsarved and reporteé $6 us.l am quité
sure yam will agree With me,that tnia incident is amt suah a case,and does
gualifj far thﬁae letters t0 yﬁu. :“aingl requéat uzgwnﬁ action to my lattsr
because of aha delav go far.

Yours Faithfull

 

