 

hiiﬁ ??yC§ 8th September, 1985.
l
\1'

I understar;d that you.hand1e reports and enquiries abou? UFOs, so altho ugh
I feel a bit Siily about wasting your time, I amjust a bit curious £0 knew, if
possibla, about womething which app ea.red in +he skx at about 9 4S necl the GLC
Fireworks display on S.turday night, which I attended.

When we arrived we went over to the North Bank ta get a gaod view of ﬁhe
fireworksg which was very succesaful and WE engoyed. We were walking back fram
tbs north bank to ﬁhe Sou th bank over the Hungsrfozﬁ Pedestrian Bridc ge, and noticed
in the distance, just above the South Bank; bui1di.ngs about 300 yards down the
river (we were looking at jit from approx. the centre 01 Hungeriord Briége) aw "{ng ?iﬁﬁrﬁ F
sbrt of long shimmering light. It was in the sky, and moving ever 30 slightly 1 '
but not making any progress, hovering. It was "sparkly” aﬁd thin, and did not
have any shape, i.eo it Was not an aeroplane 0r a helicopter. Lots of people
ware pausing to watch it, and nemoné knew what it wass 1% has remained a question
mark in my mind, and I &m just curious to hear if you know what it was, or if
you have had any other reports cfrsxgk such a sighting. I don‘t suppose other
peaple have the time to write to you, but I am a housewife SO I do! My son is
curious abaut unusual objects in the sky, as he has personally seen a couple himself
for which he has no explanation. He has Egan this thing befsre, over Charing Cross
Road, and on that occasion all his friends agreed ﬁhey hag never seen anything like
it before.

I am very aware that it could have beam part of the GLC display m but it was
just on its own, did noﬁ Eagically fit in with anything thexe, and was not anncunced.
I uhmugnt mayba it was some sari ofa bal con paintad with flourescent paint, and put
up just for a lark, but it wag very brilliant and shimmery.... I am still very curious!

Eava you had &ny other reports such as I have described? If 50, I Hauld be pleasgd
if you cculé 1et me ha v% a Shari note as to what it was, or any other explanation
you may haveo

Thank you for reading this letter a there is a diagwam on the hack

Yours sincerely

    

