    

Shining dixu (in lla‘bhllld {op cornur)

group of Scandinavian scientists were
returning by air after observing an eclipse
of the sun from the polar region; They
were on thcir way back, but still taking
photographs of the sun. when thcir atten-
tmn was taLcn by something, clsci chcral
shining disc-ltkc objects appeared to bc
shadowing their aircraft 'hat they were,
none of the scientists knew. They were
no Aircraft such as “c know them and
none of thc setcntists on the trip had ever
scan anything like thcm.

And this year there havc bccn a whole
spate of Sighting reports. One private re-
searcher has collected 140 reports from
Great Britain for the months of April and
March alone No doubt many of these
could be discounted if a thorough anes~
tigatton were made. But others remain
a mystery:

Before any of thew can be truly labelled
“ unidentiﬁed," howc‘vcr. a very thorough
invcstigation must be made. The would<
bi: investigator would haw to know.
among other things. the movements of
all aircraft or balioons likely to have been
in the area at the ttmci He would have
to have a very sound knowledge of
Heather phenomena and astronomy~—-and
of human natural

But there. are people willing to under-
take this task, To find out who they arc
and how they go about the tab. it is
necessary once more to dip briefly back
into saucer history.

In the carly vears soon after l947.
"saucer“ clubs began to spring up all
(Wcr the country. Their ohyxts \ncrc not
alVHt)"; wail dct‘incd hut generally it was
to inucattgatc saucer Sightings.

Since this time there has been a
gencml mcvcmcnt towards :tmalvtamation
and most clubs now regularly exchange
vicws wth others in this country and
abroad, At the hub of all saucer activi-
llCS tn this country is the magazine.
Flying Saucer Review.

In side a Suucvr

This is a small. wcll-producccl i‘riaga-
zinc which sells about 1.300 copies. lt
attempts to cater for all degrees of sattccr
fans and so it is not surprising to road
in a recent issue. an article by a “ high
ranking Tibetan Lama " telling how he
went for a ride in a Flying Saucer!

But it would be quite wrong to dismiss
all readers and contributhrs of this maga-
zinc as cranks. The editor is the Hon.
Brinslcy lc Pocr Trench and he is far
from the general ptiblic's idea of a Flying
$auccr crank. Tall and amiable, Trench
Is. by an odd chance, a space salesman
by profession. When he is not selling.
advertising space for another magazine.

l6

 

nnn by kundinavina 1
la ”54. Still (mm s colour ﬁlm (thou by I mnmbor 9! (ho party

he sells interplane-
tary space through
l-‘Iying .S'mrrc‘r Rt‘\'i(‘M‘.

Trench admits that
he is working on a
"sticky wicket" Ht:
realises that many of
his readers want to

.scc “astounding sau-
ccr news " but. at tltc
same time. he tries to
keep reports of actual
sightings as obicctivc
as possible.

Among his readers
are some who act as
investigators. "l’hcsc
mcn Trench cntrusts

with the task of looking into sightings.

Two such men are Jack Ibsen. a York~

shirt: business man. and Willrctl Daniels.

a technical writer from Station}.

Thcsc two, like most other 0! 'l'rcnch's
investigators, are enthusiastic about thctr
task and believe implicxtly in Flying
Saucers. They also helicxc that it w. hau-
an intcrplanctary origin Hm.- t’ui .‘S this
theory justiﬁed? Lct Trench C\plaltt.'

“L'FOs have been timed." he says.
"travelling at fantastic Epocds. far in
excess of anything carthmadc. And.
again. many UFOs have been seen per-
forming manoeuvres, such as a right-
anglcd turn at high speed. which would
cattsc any normal material Or crew to
disintegrate under the CVCCSSWC y lcads."

Prominent experts. such as Professor
Hermann Obcrth. the guich missiles
expert. have also expressed thcsc vicus.
Obcrth says: " My own mplanatittn of
UFOs is that the) arc machtncs built in
some: place micr than on thc Earth. I
bcliew: that they originatc exclusively
from outside the Earth because obsuva-
lions suggest that Flying Saucers are able
to suppress the force of gravvty and 1 do
not think that anyone on Earth has yet
found the means to do so "

Hziti...i_/...tr.v. ..t:rs'z_tz.'_..tlz<: .rm!’ ..
szbizrlg, .Ilz €£¥_..i._’...~‘§7.€"!51. 1.0.. .W' .H'ua't
ttlga.ety.rL.i.«lr’.a. it. 9'.th .,~_ t.l.-'.t‘v_r.\'...
15:61.! .v_..._i!._.t;4:e_:m_ tltLszc-t! .05.;2‘i'. .oné'. M!
rgpu‘uhcre (I rl'f'tt‘“_r7l)_‘__l{t_\'€:._¥_(i}(g_{iOI1_ _t'_____
f‘fl‘ldt'gtti’ proving {hut Flt.
_ rn' iItI§r,n_!it_t:vntr_v_.

Orv: {titling which appears to be gcncml
among the most enthusiastic of sauce:
fans. is lack of a critical approach it)
their subject Bear in mind thc (lccupti\c
nature of human observation and thu
many atmospheric freaks that an: pos~
siltlc. and it is easier to size htm
important it is to be critical.

A typical report received kw Trench is
that Wthl‘t came from Miss K. ('nnnor.
a member of the Royal Obscncr Corps.
who lives at Truro, Cornwall. Last
October. while on :1 ROC exercise. Mass
Connor and her crew saw :1 UFO.

" Theobjcct appeared as a small. silver
round one like: a ball," said Miss (Tonnnr
in her report. “Then it turned sideways
and was Sccn to be oblong. The side
away from the sun glowed pink and a
90“ (if translucent blue." Estimated
height was 45-50000 feet. The UFO
appeared to be “standing stiil against
the wind " and disappcarcd when it rose
into the upper haze. '

Trench regards this as a grind and
reliable sighting. Admittedly Min
Connor should be a reliable observer and

until“

   

  
   
 

.rltc .125
4 :1 mi {~

 

  
  

   

i~ ....., - H .. wmvu~ -,.....__,..,.? ".4.._v._. .,

 

't

l.
l have no doubt that she rcphrtcd C\36tly
what slit; saw. But the great questiOn of
what this was remains unanswered. [I

could have been a weather ballom
flying Suun'r Rtview‘made no attcmpi
to investigate this posubtltty. uz, Mm.

out ()‘llClJl co-opct'ation it would hate
bccn dtlﬁcult to do so.

But not all UFO investigaton lack
criticism. There are many people in-
Vcstigating the mystery who prefer 1.,
remain in the background. The {gut
that the subject tends to be ridiculizd by
the general public and prefer to carry 0m

their work on their own without publj.‘

city. Some of these people are scientists.

Men ltkc Doctor Clifford Thornton. a
37-year-old doctor of philosophy Who
works as a scientiﬁc and statistical con.
sultant. He also runs a business which
specialises in developing special equip.
mcnt for mineral prospecting. Dr. Thorn.
ton. of Hampstead. London. is a short.
perky man who walks With a limp ac~
quircd “hllc serving with the Armoured
Corps during the war. One of his grunt
interests lS gravity. Through this hi: “.2;
brought into touch with Flying Saucers.
alzhough he is one of the many who
ahhor this term for I'FOS.

Gravity Theory

In 1950 Thorn'ton wrote a thesis cn-
titlcd " Thu Uniﬁed Field Theory " which
clcalt with many aspects of gravity which
had ncver before been examined, This
had a grgat success and is still used in
many uni‘;r5ttics all over the world by
students in titts ﬁcld of research. It was
in 1950. too. that hc ﬁrst became inter-
ested in UFOs “ Many aspects of this
phenomenon." he says. " have a very
close bearing to my won on gravity"

His first dclvmg into the literature
written on the subject of UFOs was not
encouraging. Ho saill has no licsttatton
in describing all at it as " science ﬁction."
He makes one cxccption. This is the
hook “ The Report ,1: Untdcntiﬁcd Flying
Objects." by ”ward Rtippclt, onc~ttmc
head of the USAF " Project Blue-Bonk "
investigation into the mystery. This
book is. indeed. one reliable volume
0n the subject. lt docs not state that
(fit); arc interplanetary. but it 15 th-:
most convinczng book ever writtcn to
prove that they ci ist.

Since l‘lSO 'l’hointrm hits himself
rcztchcd the conclusion that l,il‘Os c‘tist.
lit hits tlsinc more. llulpstl in many
friends. some of then: scrcntists like htm—
aclt'. he has been ablt; to classify thcsc
objects into {nurtccn (Itl'l’crcnt L'ZHCZIOHCS
They range from small “saucers " only
ten lllLl'tCS in diameter, to huge. Cigar-
shapcd ohjccts up to a mile in lungth.
These nuvcr descend lower than the vary
fringes of our atmosphcrc.

Dr. Thornton has also found out that
LIFO; havc a pcriodic frequency and that
sightings reach a peak every ll )cam. It
was in early March that he told me that
we could cwcct a crop of sightings to-
wards the end of May. The recent spate
of reports has shown how right ht: was.

"There is no positivt; eviduncc that
UFOs come: from outer space." says
Thornton. " but all the available evidence
seems to indicate that they do not come
from this earth." ,

lf pressed. he will advance the thuory
that UFOs may come from a solar system
other than our own. “ Our sun is a very

~—-(‘0Itlinucd [mgr 46

 

 

 

m, mu... .—..,..~~~-p<:mw<— ~.-.-—...-.,....

  

 

 

t

 

