-.:‘qr.-.x..‘ I ,'

cnx issue 29 and 30. . In saying that, David meant that most of the photos in CNK
SUMMER 1985 m Mt clear and sharp enough for anyone to be recognised.
* 2 ‘ S ISSUE, I hope, at least some of them are reccgnia—

 

 

,;=; D 1 r o R I A L

EAT IS A MAGAZINE? It is a collection of facts and news
nd it is also something to store something in. I hope
hat 1 have in store in this one will be to your liking.
WK, for short, was inoepted in JUNE 1972, and has had
.te ups and downs like many others. CNK's thoubles lie
mound tae method of production—namely duplicating. Our
laohine ie, at this issue nearly on its last gasp. It
Les been working faithfully since 1968 non-etop and has
:hruned out much material. In the beginning, my good
'riend and sub editor of long standing, David Prookter,
:omplained that I shoulo get up off mkanees from the
‘loor, way back in the 1960'5, trying to do 3—oolour
nplioated photos, and stick to RECOGNISEABLE pictures.
2

Long - By Edward Karrie, Editor. Vuv/f_

 

able; In the past, this was largely to do with the fact

that I had to send my photos, and artwork away to have them
processed for the duplicating-mimeograph process. If that
company did not do its job correctly, I had to put upwéth it
for several reasons, even if I did send the work back. Now
I own my own_eleotronio scanninngachine, as do most owners
of duplicated sheets. If I”do not lﬂae what I see, I just
cugoﬂﬁother one, at my own expense. ' .

OTHER amateur magazines use photocopiers, and others
use expensive lithographios.=Ai least, this is a Eg§¢ and
cheap way of productione—épart from wear and tear. THEREFORE
I hope_that With this iesue, all the-gallery of photos you
see heir should_be of somewhat clearness. Becauée of the past
being NOT_SO GOOD, I have re-reproduced old photos of UFO
personalit’,s5't%’5h hay“ apper“od in CNK publications in the
past for those of ybu who could never see thhem. for example,
peOple compleihed that if they ever met me in person, they
would not be able to :eoognioe me from the scruffy colour
or black and White photo I printed. Now, as you can see, you
are going to get a ohice of several photos, where possible,
of the same person through the years, so if yéu do chance to
meet up in public, I hopefully think that now you should b
able to recognise each other.

,:,A ’L'I T T'L E 'C~N’K- H I S T O R Y

FOR NEW READERS, 1 will giye 5‘srier outline on CEK and
I have reproduced in this issue some items from past issues.
CNK was first produced by mySelf and my wife Rita, by

the letterpress method in June 1972.
Anyone who has set up.type by hand
‘knows.just how long and tedious thie

~~ is. Because of this Issue 1,.was

-'pert Letterpress, and part Litho;

'w~and the rest duplicated(RITA, Left)

' It~wes on Same. with Flying Saucer
~heview in Whtkins’BOOkshop, London.
“GNK in the 1970's was a COSMIC
ORANGE. It was segmented as you will

see later. The colour photos lacked
sparkle only due to poor inke. Finally
we ended ”p in blank and white.

J

 

