over the past few years by the
Departments-of State/Army/Navy
A13 Foroe/Defense, the Federal
‘ Bureau of Investigation, t h,e‘
National Security Agency,t.h e
etc.

This overwhelming evidence in—
diQates that Unidentified Fly»
ing Objects DO exist, and that
some of them are unconventional
craft that(1)pose a threat to
national security and (2) per—.
form beyond the range of pres—
ent day technological develop~
ment. Furthermore, there ,i s
evidence that Our government
has continually misinforme<n
the public concerning thetrue
significance of ?hQ,U?Q.PTOb1“
emtY -
§In.1ate 1952, a memorandum was
i'dfafted for CIA Director Walt—
; er B. smithis signature9_to be
sent to the EXBCﬁtive Secretary
of the National Security Coun-
oil; Subject was{”UFOsl The CIA

had reviewed-the situation which
caused epeculation in the press,
and had been_subject of concern#

It-was the Director‘s opinion94

based on the reviewa that "Lthis

situation haSj pOSSibletimplic~

-atione for our security which tr-
ancended the interests of a sing“
1e service.l therefore reccommend

that this Agency and agencies

the Department of Defense be dir—
ected to ﬁormulate and carry out
a'proggam of intelligence and re—

"UFO-‘S AS A THREAT

'OUR NATIONAL SECURITY."

1’The'evidenees

ional Security Council dir
active was attachoa=to thThe 'ncidents d
. . . ; . rew the at—
memoramdum. " '

Uﬁfortunately, it appears:::'degaggm:::5?;éoigg at
that the NSC directive felthe USAF informed the Pub
'hy th? wayside. lie and the press that in—
Now,.twenty—n1ne years laEvidual sightings were is~
er; the 'current SltuatiOblated incidents, a;; USAF
contrary b official deniahccument says that ”Secur-
Still poses serlous impli‘ity measuresiwere coordin-
.ations f0; our national Shted with 15 Air Force ba~
lou31ty. ' ' see from Guam to Newfound~
Land. It also reveals that
- a _ . the USAF conducted an inv»
,Tﬂhegovernmetsnp031tlehs astigation into the incid—
HNO'HFO REPORT“39I;NVL°T'3nts but found no explan—
IGATHﬂ AﬁD EVALUQTED BY_ tion for their occurrence.
fAIR FORE” HAS'EVER GIVENANIt appears USAF ‘security
INDICATION'OF A THRﬁAT Tgeasures'provided no pro—
Section against the 'in—~
rasion'. One month later,
”'_ in January 21, 1976, UFOs
DOD, USAF,-and CIA doeume325 yards in diameter,

nts reveal that-durihg Ocﬁ°1d or silver in 0010?;

"—US Air_Force 1980p

.-ober5 November, anngecemJith blue light on top,hole
.ber,of.1975, peliable mil4n middle, and red light

Aitary Personellgrepeadedlyn bottom" were observed
sighted unconvehtional oanear the flight line 0f
.,j;‘ects in the‘ vicinity of Fannon AFB, New Mexico. “
nyclear—weapons storage Pen days later, on Jan.

are E aircraft alert areal: a UFO was observed near
aﬁagméggile—control facil—gradar site at Elgin AFB;
ities at Loring Air Force ﬂoaida. On July 30, 1976,
Base, Maine; Wurtsmith AFB;UFO was observed 'over
Michigan5Malstrom'AFB,Monthe ammo storage area' at
ana;Minot AFB; North Dakotbrt Richie, Maryland.

and Canadian Air Forces BI documents have reveal—
Station, Ontario.Many of d that throughout theyears
the Sightings were confirm$0's have been sighted by

search required to solve the prob~9d byradarfﬂt Lorine AFBmersons Whose reliability
1em of instant positive identifi0_the interloper”demonstrata$ not questioned.', near
ation of-unidéntified flying obj— a clear intent on the weapdghly sensitive military

ects.“ A draft of a proposed Eat~St°rage areas.”

ncluding nuclear weapons

'28

nd government installations.

design, construction, testing
and stockpiling sites.

Security officials were great-
ly alarmed by these incidents.

The evidence is clear and con~
vinoing that the Federal gover
nment has systematically mis—
informed the American people
about the real threat to our
national security posed by sue
UFO encounters.

UFO AS ADVANCED TECHNOLOGY

The government's position:
"THERE HAS BEEN NO EVIDmICE
SUBMITTED TO OR Discovm
BY m us,AIR FORCE THAT
SIGHTINGS CATEGORIZED AS
'UNIDENTIFIED' REPR‘SSJJT
TECHNOLOGICAL DFJVLEOPLU-ITS
OR PRINCIPLES BEYOND THE
RANGE OF PRESJNT—DAY SCIEN—
TIFIC KNOWLEDGE. "

U.S.AIR FORCE2198O

Official documents have re-
vealed many unconventional
objects exhibiting advanced
performance, of speed, size
and shape, and maneuverability

A defense document reveals
that on Sept.l9,1976,American-
made Iranian jets encountered
several UFOs that exhibited a
technology beyond present~day
development. During the night»
time encounter, one F—4 jet,
upon approaching the of the
UFOs, lost all instrumentation
and communications functions.
Another F—4's weapons~oontr01
panel became inoperable when

