jg? doing the obserVing..," And there are other consider-
”‘ ations beSides national s > -
ity in following up the

5: enigma. As a report from the
,tgnment UFO Study cup National Security Agency in

1' 'AN) concluded hat 1968 put it, ~

'+ erything taken into con-

    
 
  
  
  

.ideration, a material phew ‘Terhaps the UFO question
Jimenon seems to be behind might even make man undertake
?Ee totality of the phen, studies which could enable him
'Eenon- a flying machine to construct a society which
_5ose modes of sustenenoe is more conducive to develop—
fﬁd propulsion are beyond ing a completely human being,

3 knowledge.“ healthy in all aspects of mind
21f the UFO phenomenon is and body-and, mos”G importantly,
indeed beyond the grasp of able to recognise and adapt to
iur understanding—techno— real environmental situations.”

Epgically speeking~all the
,gfre reason to strive tow—
:irds learning more about
lit. For although the Un—
[Eted States may ignore the

éignificance of the UFO

5henomengn, it is hardly Reproduced in nearly all of the

Eeasonable to suppose that contxt from FRONTIERS OF SCIENCE

ihe rest of the world will sent to GNK in May—June 1981° ~.- ' “- _ .. “ _

Lo so, (Not as at first stated at the UFO pig," path in New Zeatand last year A UFO filmed for telewsmn In New Zealcnd 10521:"!

‘ beginning of the article.) . “' ’ '

In isolating ourselves from the
UFO phenomenon we may risk miss—
ing what could be the most im—
portant adventure man has yet
embarked upon.°

 

.>'

 

 

'PART Two» WHAT WE HAVE DISCOVERED ABOUT UFOS. Unmasking I belinve thai,-99.9% of all UFO sightings are seen at NIGHT. The

the fakes. In the next pages are some recent UFO pictures very rare appearances these objects make in the daylight make up
-and some older ones. we would like to pass comments on the reét. How can therefore, the media who print photos like the
them, and hopefully the reader may agree with us. If not, ones abeve declare for a FACT that the squiggle on the left is a
let us hear-from you as *0 why? "flight path of a UFO”? were they THERE! It was ASSUEED too,the

photo on the right, was nothing more that an out of focus shot

of a lighthouse some miles away. As I remember it, the path of
the aireraft was followed the next day, and several normal every»
day items could account for these two photos above. Until further
eveidence come out of hiding, we will assume these are camera
hlurbs. Unless of course, you know better?

IN 1978, two New Zealand cameramen, obviously using a video
or_similar camera, took what they thought-was a UFO. well
maybe therevae one° Eut the shot they also took with their
camera might have been a bright planet. I have had the SAME
‘ effects oh-epCh eQuipment. Some video cameras tend to make
‘streaks out of sharp bright lights° we do not think that
-the reprodueed photo of the New Zealand sightin which -

was annOunced'on TV‘at the time, was a UFO flight path. PHOTOS 1 {g 2

We believe it was a television camera STREAK image. There-

fore in our Opinion this is a fake9unintentionally. ~ 33

\ﬁ

 

