..—..—_-.. Mn" _ __ _ _______

STR- ONOM
a,_,<i%:i;ff:‘;::£_' ”QM

[de'J 0’, ..‘. h:a~‘”~
. On 18 10013111113 REPORT 1 INFORMATION FROM
' /’/ Elna; d Harris ,Editor,York Astronom—

FJff io_1 Society, and Gene Duplantier,
1ﬁ$~‘ Canada.

 

 

 

-TRATING AND EXCITING, is the arrival of Hallc's
:t. Frustrating for those, like the editor here,
; has no decent astronomical instruments to take
;os of it, save an attempt yo use a video camera
;he night sky. Exciting because it is such a rare
1t. ‘

far as my memory goes into it, Halley‘ s comet
first recorded on the Bayeux Tapestry in 1066
E1 the Battle of Hastings was in full swing. This

1 very long lenth of cloth which depicts the

at, embroidered into the pictures.

3 RETURN OF HALLEY‘S CCMJT reproduced from NOVA ALGOL
Jlication of the York astronomical Society. sprmng 1955.
Olav Wildeo

Lley‘s comet is on its way back. It should become vis-
Le to the naked eye in December. It will be a chance for
nbers to observe the comet, if they have not already

1e so. Uhfortuneately observers in the Northern Hemis—
3re (like us) won't be Eble to get a brilliant view of

a comet due to unfavourable approach, which places the

1 between us and the comet at Perihelion.

iowever it will be visible to the naked eye low down in

3 South by early 1986, t .

According to our expert behind our telescopes, Trevor '
3d, we should be able to see down to magnitude +13,

1s or minus'magnitude depending on Sky conditions, .
erefore it will be around mid August that we may get our“
rst glance at the comet through one of our main teles—
pes. Then over the next few months its position can be
otted among the stars and notes made of its gradual

42

.74 -' u

Wrightness.
' It'~ funny that after all these thousands(?) of years that _
?ﬂf- Comet has come and gone, retaining all its mysteries,
§hat it should ho~an_this return that we are going to confront
it head on, literally, as Giotto, ESA's Halley probe will act—
ually dive straight into the comet on a Kamikazi mission).Four
Eor five spacecraft will try and discover the secrets of our
regular visitor. (It would be interesting to see what technol—
ogy, if any, can come up with next time the comet.comeslround,:‘
Who knows, maybeEMan will be adVanced enough in centuries to. '”
come, to actually be able to CAPTURJ the comet, perhaps by .
using magnetic stabilising fields. Then not only will w,e KNOW
how it is formeé, but Man will have a cheap source of electr1cal
power. For this comet, it does appear to be a kind of Atomic‘
qusion, which scientists can only dream about produczrng on

  

 

: Earth-I speak from a Sciense fiction—oum—faot standpoint—EDITOR).
: PS. It might even give a clue as to its propulsion in space.)

The York Astronomical Society may even go outside the city of

York, to observe the comet from dark, unobserved areas to get a
clear horizon because you won‘t see much (anything. )sat in the

middle of a city. (seeing the comet on TV is nothing like see»

ing it in real life,what was it that PresidLﬁt Kennedy said?).

If you have a camera drive it will be an ideal chance to use

it (or build one) so that you can take shots of the comet over

7the months of its apparition. Even a short undriven exposure 1
will show the comet.

The COmet is strange in that it linkg7with our ancient ancest—
ors and just ﬁor a while all those years between us will disa~

ippear. In this sense, Halley‘s Comet is Timeless. But one thing

is for sure, if you don't make an effort to observe it this
time round it will probably be the last chance you ever get.

 

H A L L E Y ' S C O M E T D A T A

FROM MARCH TO 15 MAX HALLEY‘S COMET MOVES FROM . .
NORTHERN ORION INTO TAURUS, just to the left of gyaggg
More detailed co—ordinates and m1gnituéés: ‘

M1" h letR.A.4 92 hrs. Dec.13.6? '

April lst-R. A.4 86hrs Dec.14.6°

May 1st. R. A.4. 97hrs DEC. 16. 73°

Magnitudes are 16.2, 16.0 and 15.7 respectively. V
It would be interesting to plot these positions on a star map
over the next year or so to see the movement of the cometQAny-
one wanting to help, contact: INTERNATIONAL HALLEY WATCH, Jet
Pronulsion Lab. mailstop T—1165,4800 Oak Grove ,Pasadena,USA.
Califorh1a 91109. 43

