-— - - ‘ v - ' ‘ -- ~‘tzmrémmyé SJ. 1.

;957, I founded‘the Interplanetary Space Travel Research, and.

that when we voted you in to be predident in about 196671
you ran it so well, you beoame'presidenttfor life, andvgﬁ

ehded up pro¢uoing other-RGN—eoieneo fiction-mage, You see;

we all left you because, the way you were running ISTRA
was along line of science fantasy. I called ISTRA, ISTRA,
to be run on scientific lines. Tofind. it being used. f0:
science fiction was too mneh. However, you have done a

'good-job, put a_lothf effert into it, and now in 1985, I

still hope ISTRA is running ‘well. Anyone interested in
science fiction and fantaSy should contact Mike Parry,

21 Eargwyue Street, Stookwell, London, SW9 9RQ ’
*Note. I am NOT knocking science fiction. I too love it,
but ISTR, as it was known in 1957, was set up to do JUST_

that, research into outer Space. You'donFt seem to he doing»

much of mm = Edward Harrie, Editor. (please may I have
a coov of Iasue n8%J.A;}n08080&-3 of my first LN Mike)

NOTIUJ BOAR”;

If any reader in Pvumuw or locally, would like to help me
set up an astronomy group in Dunmow, please ring me on:
Great Dunmow 4689. It would help to get it moving soon

so that good photographs and observations of Halley'e
comet can be done; My knowledge of astronomy is very
limited now, so I would need advice on it. =Editor.

*I am attempting to get the oomet.onto videotape. This
looks impossible at the moment. Only the moon has been.
somewhat suoce€§ul. ‘ A

000000000 .

T H E D A V I D P R O C K T E R - NEWS BEAT

Dave Prookter joins up with CNK in 1985 once more to br ,
you his style of writing. Provooetive, thought jerking, ggﬁ
blunt to the point. His refreehing honesty and sincerity
starts today, only in COSMOLOGI NEWSLINK:

Hi, EVerybody, This is David ProEkter. Sorry I've been away
so long from CNK, but as you know the_mag folded up in
July 1979 mainly due to financial reasons. I myself have
been busy in television video and busy in lots of different

ihings. Because of my involvement with television product—
iong, I cm aIWays ahead in what is ching‘in the way of ‘
995 339 f etion C§it0438.. On the next page you will see

._owg n3

Bonn, v...

q

‘r

Captain Scarlet and the Hysterone now showing made in 1967

Fir h l XL5 on ‘lia 1962. ’
‘ Th '\ , s (1965 may be repeated again around Sept. 1985
Limerefﬁie 126 episodes of_The Aygngers in black and White-

The Champions, now showing. (1969) and many more sci—fi

will be coming to your screen econ.

ABOUT UFO'S ‘

The truth i; I can't find any branch of the subject to get

enthusiastic over. Some points however then—one by one
. togehher with my responses. _

1. NEXT 25 YEARS OF UFOLOGYTMy answer to this is fairly simple,

if not cynical. BUFORS'S subscriptions are going up ‘22? they

rise and rise, until they are down to 150 hard core members.
f Most will be on so many different committees that they will be
? too busy to attend their own A.G.M. Lionel Beer will continue
; to sell his books as he has been doing for the last 25 years.
5 The FRINGE ELEMENTS will diversify even further-people will
forget the leason for Skywatohes and will travel miles to
_ Cradle Hill, Glastonbury, :or Stonehenge Littlebay caverns but
Q will be unable to tell you why UFO sightings are so commonplace
‘ that when one crashes into the Houses of Parliament and destroys
six square miles of high—rent London, it will be nine months
before anyone notices. Some nut—oaeee will drop out, some NEW
NUT-CASES will join the ranks and some will go on like it was
still 1947. Naturally, Mike Parry will still be selling'BIRTH
OF A MOVEMENT' and advertiseing ‘SPACE-EX 1999'!
a 2. COSMOLOGY: degarding future weather proepeote? That'll stay
; much as it_is now, cold, wet, and windy, even in mid Augusti
3. MOON ROCKS (brought back by Apollo missions to the moon),
Where are they now?- most of them are still on the Moonysillyll
4. Why dig up somethin on LEY LINES? Honestly, why bother.
Let sleeping dogs lie ?or dead ones).

 

5'

5. SUFFOLK UFO LANDING ~ was it one? or not? How should I know?
I wasn't there I A job for Sherlock Holmes!
6. SPACE RieEARCH? All we see right now is the insane use of

i Military Strategy outside our atmosphere. Reality and science—

fiction are becoming transposed, and neither Luke Skywalker or
Carl Sagan can tell one from the other. Science is a good tool,

a but a bad master. The days of science as a boon to Mankind are

over,if they ever existeé beyond Paetuer or Fleming. Did Vbn

Braun know what he was doing? There are much worse things in

the world, far more obscene than bare t..s!? Science scares me.

It cannot be trusted any more than our petty, squabbling 'lead-

ers'— LESS COMPUTERS, MORE SION. Less Micro—ohips, more
to

