jfé? 71/[A
Ref:~ PUEQIC 60f85¢

3w Sir W—

I am writing to you,after writing two lettera to R.£.F. St ﬁgugan,
in Newquay,ﬂornwall.?nese letters wara sent to the Air Base during
Hay and July,thia year.

 

12th.August I985.

 

”ha subject of this corresponaance dealt with brief details of a
reported UFO sighting,that was observad V@zy a105$ to this Air Force Base
earlier this year.

Their replies t9 me,and my than Grganisation, Plymouth,ﬁﬁﬁ
Investigation Centre ﬁPUEﬁlﬁ),they told me that they had forwardad bath.
my lattera onto ”tha n.0cD, in.London“ E which I presume i5 yonraélfa
They apyaremtly decided to do tn169after baking adviee £30m ﬁaadquarters
of Provost and Security Services {H.K.). They stated that 1 woulﬁ hear
from you,howevez as to iata I have not done 56.

Because of the length of time takén from firaﬁ cantacting thﬂ
Araa Military Authoritiea,and the apparent lack sf progress,l have
decided to write to ask whether your department has infantsreceivad my
previous two letters to 3.3.F. st Nawgau? {The Ref ..ru3010 58/85),

If this 'reperted UFO Sighting' had net been observed 30 class ta
a strategic Military Al: ﬁase’l would have waitad fox ancther few weaks,
before writing to youiﬂowev929$his is a sighting which was ubsarved 1833
than one mile ( 1.609ﬁm} away item the Air Base. From directions given
to us from the witness, we calculaze that whatever this phenomengn waa,
it mignh very wall nave passed through the Air Ebrca Base itself.

In our early stages of our investigations inte this case,we thoaght
that this pnensmenon might have landed,or nit the ground and nearby trams
in an area clsse to the base,but we found out two gossible c&u3es for
the burned areas of graas and trees,and haye now dismissed tne 'landing“
theory from our enguiriea. but,we do Know the phenomenen came very cloae
to the ground,and miuor roads oecauae of what the witness stated,and us
have discovered a tras,cloae to tne sighting area and firé damaged treee
and grcund which has obviously been hit by an airborne object 0f some
maaa,hiﬁting the tree at some speed.we Know this rram damaged magox
twigs of the tree whicn b&ve been examined.

1 do net b&leive i2 wasting postage money in sending reports ta
yvu about mere ‘Lighia in the sky,ete",but this $ighting provaa to wbe
very different from most of the raports we recgive. Th3 tree which was

anitv was only 20ft (6.09m) tall,and was hit at a height 05 15:: {4.5732
. )0

