  

5
DEPARTMENT OF- T'HE AIR FORCE
- HE/‘DOUARILQS 3'5; cer'mz suriwi’l wow mun;
r ' Arc; utw rent cuss
‘

mmi' 10 CD ‘ 13‘Jdn 8]

A'HN 0!.

 

-, _' 1* " -
sumtm: UnexpTainto Lights

,0; RAr/cc

T. Early in the morhihg 0f 27 Dec 80 (ﬂhproxihwteiy O3OOL), two USAF
security police deFOimGH sew unu5uai lights outside the back gate at
RAF HOO'bridge. Thinking an aircraft might have crushed or been forced
down, they called for permission to go outside the gate to investigate‘
The on—duty flight chief responded and allowed three patr01men to pre—
ceed on foot. The individunis rehqrted seeing a strange giowing object
in the forest. The object mus deserihed a5 being metalic in appearance
and triangular in shape, approximateTy two to three meters across the
base and approximateij two ers high. It jiTuminated the entire forest
with a white Tight. The object itself had a puising red Tight on top and
a bank(s) of hiue tights underneath. The object wag hovering or on Tegs.
As the patroimeh approached the object, it maneuvered_thr0ugh the tre-s
and disappeared. At this time the cnimaTs on a nearby farm went into a
frenzy. The object was briefly sighted approximateiy an hour Tater near
the hack gate.

     

2. The next day, three depressions T 1/?” deep and 7" in diameter were
found where the object had been sighted on the ground. The foiiowing
night (29 Dec 80) the area was checked for iadiation. Beta/gamma readings

of 0.1 miTiiroentgehs were recorded with peak readings in the three de~
pressions and near the center of the triahgTe formed by he depressions.
A nearby tree had moderate {.O‘—.O7) readings on t.e side of the tree
toward the depressions.

3. Later in the night a red $uh~1ike Tight was scan through the trees.
It moved about and puised. At one point it igpeared to throw off gTewihg
partieTes and then broke into five separate thte objects and then dis~
appeared. Immediateiy thereafter, three SCJ)- ike objects were noticed

T
in the sky, two objects to the nerth and one to the south, a]? of which
were about 100 off the horizon. The objects moved rapidTy in sharp angular
movements and dispiayed red, green and blue Tights. The object: to the
north appeared to Le ellipticei through an 8—12 power ?ens. They then
turned to fuTT circles. The objects to the north remained in the sky for
an heur or more. The object to the south was visible for two or three
haurs and beamed down a Stream of ight from tiwe to time. Numerous ihtivi—
duals, including the undersigned, witnessed the activities in paragraphs

 
     

° and 3.
L J, '- /j / - 5
t x / ,v
/ M/ t
CIARLES I. TALT. Lt Co}, USAF
’ Deputy Base Commander

