f5, Aug 3~

UNUSUAL OCCURRENCE (UFO?)

1. On Monday 5 Aug 1985— CLAWORD
who farms near the AAC Centre, Middle wallop telephoned to repor some

extraordinary depressions in a field of near ripe wheat, and asked, "What on
earth we (THE AAC) were up to now?" 1 took the Aircraft Actident Investigation
Officer (AIFSO) Maj- REME with me and went to inspect the scene.

Section 40
2. The site, Grid Reference 3H6392 was a vergin, un~weather damaged, near ripe
field of wheat. We found the following:

 

a. An exactly circular hole in the wheat in which the wheat had been

laid flat in a clockwise twist U0 ft in diameter. (As if a plank had

been put with one end at the centre and then swept round in a complete
circle). There were one or two stalks of wheat standing which had sprung
upright again. The wheat on the edge of the circle was completely upright
and undamaged.

b. Four separate, smaller circles approx twelve feet in diameter, exactly
similar to the larger one. These were set in a precise square, NORTH/SOUTH
and EAST/WEST, with their centres 33 paces from the centre of the large circle.

c. There were absolutely no tracks in the wheat. To have set the holes
in such a precise pattern manually would have required a tape measure or
string, and the users would have been bound to leave trabks in the wheat.

d. All but one of the holes touched onto the main furrows in the wheat,
and could therefore be approached Them the edge of the field without leaving
tracks. However there was no way of moving from one to the other without

leaving tracks in the wheat, except by going some 200 yards to the edge of

the field, and then back down another main furrow. One of the smaller

holes was completely isolated.

Section 40

3. Maj mic some polaroid photographs which are included with this
report. a semi professional photographer, took some 120mm colour
photographs. I subsequently took— and we photographed the scene from
the air. By that time some half a dozen sight-seers were on the scene and a track,
which had not been there when we were on the ground, had been made out to the
isolated hole.

R. Present at the initial viewing were:
Lt

Mai 'REME
(Farmer
(Farmer

And two others

    
  
     

None of us eeuld offer any reasonable explanation.

   
 

Lt C01
802 Avn Stds HQ DAAC

