  
 

” 1; LS Q): (Li; ?\R‘ Z

ﬁquﬁf—T 4W

95.1-22.5 3-

24' THE EVIDENCE FOR UFQS ‘n' 3’.

 

Valensole. France. 1.7.19(_ij.((3ase 6). Artist's impression superiinpOSed

(Jr)‘iﬂl‘tlri-(‘iE-ﬁlbll oil‘alleged landing site.
high v~ the size 0le smallish car. it was standing on six legs
connected to a, central pivot, and had a door and a
transparent dome: M. Masse likened it {0.21 monsttons
spider. At first he thought it mighthe a helicoptet, since

they frequently landed on these fields: but he quickly

realized this was no such thing. Then he saw two creatures
bending down as though examining his plants: since his

erup had recently been damaged by unknown vandals. he

moved forward angrily. _

{e was about seven metres from them when one of the

figures turned and pointed a pencil—like iject at him,

taken from a holder at its side: Masse found himself
halted in his tracks, unable to move. The two figures

stood watching him, but did not seem hostile; they
seemed to be discussing him. They wefeal’lnifjl‘lﬂfnqu
mil}, dressed in close—fitting grey-green clothing, with no
$123.} (ngezlr. Their heads were about three‘times the Size ofa
human head, in proportion to their bodies: they had large
ears, high cheeks. lidless eyes, no chins, and round holes
for mouths.

\(éNt- {’aiue:

 

I i. . ,t A .i F: 4.x“
“Q3332”. +64%?" meaem, .L, ?hlw'w“,

\

r’) e?” n (’4. ~ \ eel )H’Q U 17»): S17? f.

     

b‘i'ﬁﬁ

9'! .chyl'v’l 1W

THE UFO PHENOMENON 23

The two beings returned to their machine; the door
closed, the legs whirled and retracted, and the machine
left the ground silently. When it was between fifteen and
twenty metres away, it suddenly vanished. About fifteen
minutes later feeling returned to Masse and he was able to
move again: he worked until between 7.30 or8 am. then
went back to the village, where he told his adventure at a
cafe. Being known and respected in the neighbourhood.
his story was taken seriously and thoroughly investigated
both by the police and by private UFO investigative
groups: though some contradictions were noted, no
reason was found to doubt his story, and some confirmation
was obtained from other witnesses which seemed to
support his claim. Physical traces were found on the site
which persisted and affected future crops until the field
was ploughed over. Masse also suffered from psycholtzigical
effects -— he slept inordinately and experienced dreams of
:t psychic character.“

in selecting these examples, I have deliberately chosen
relatively simple and unsensational cases, occurring to
ordinary people in the casual course of their daily lives.
None of these people was particularly interested in
UFOs; they were not deliberately looking for them not,
w far as is known, were they subject to any other kind of
delusion or preconception. In all six cases, the sighting
«same as a total surprise, to which the witness had to adjust
while in the course of doing something quite trivial —
fining to bed, returning home. doing the daily work. In
each case the witness responded with emotions ranging
from mild puzzlement to complete hafflement; in each
£71150 subsequent investigation, while it has failed to
discover the true explanation, has also failed to show that
the witness in any way misreported the incident. In short,
these things seem to have taken place as described, for all
anyone can show to the contrary.

Of course, some of them are capable of some kind of
explanation. For several of them, a helicopter might
Scem to offer an answer — behaving unusually for some

 
 
   
  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   
  
   
   
   
   
   
  
     
    
   
        
       
 

