THE EVIDENCE FOR VISIONS OF THE VIRGIN MARY/Kevim McClure (1985} — 158
pages, bibliography, index, illustrated. £2.50 from: The Acquarian
.Press, Demington-Eetate, Wellingboroughs Northants, NNB ZRQ. When one

arted reading McClure‘s book it was obvious that he was far-from

happy about the primitive investigations of claimed visions. Chapters
one to nine is a collection of visijns from 1061 to the present day.
The evidence which is assessed in Chapter eleven is very thin indeed
and the author deviates into speculation when he attempts to link
visions~with UFO sightingsa There’s nothing like linking one unproven'
subject with another: As an introduction to the subject the book
suceeds and should encourage interested parties to pursue the subject
further.

STUNEHENGE COMPLETE/Christopher Chippindele. (1983). 296 pages, illustrated,
index. £12¢95 from: Thames & Hudson, 30 Bloomsbury Street, London,
WS1B 3gp; "Everything important, interesting or odd that has been'
written or pahﬁmd, discovered Mr imagined, about the most extraordinary
building in the warld", proclaimes the front covero By ”everything“,
we have to realise that this is the usual overstatement. However,
this book is a truly comprehensive work produced to the high standard
one expects from the publishers“ Excellent photographs, painting,
engravings, line drawings and even cartoons make it very pleasing to
the eye and a very good coffee~tablo book. Recommended to all with
an interest in this unique monumentb

THE YEAR OF IBE SAUCERy; GRAY BARKERS UFO ANNUAL 1983/Cray Barkers 101
pages, illustrated, no index. 312595 from: New Age Press, Box D,
Jane Lew, WV 26378, USA. Another book from the hand of Barker, the
annual is supposed to be a Ufologioal record of the year 1982; but
includes a mish~mash of dubious stories and claims from other years
besides. Barker really is an enigma. On« the one hand he compiles e
major work to the UFO subject in his 'UFO Guides to Fater (reviewed in
CU 4), then come along with this book whose only aim seems to be the "
creation of an-enterteining read for the credulous amongst us“ In the
ten chapters, he finds space to feature the Rendleshem Forest events,
1980, under the heading of ’The hyszerious Forest'. Sorry to say that
this is a book that adds weight to the bookshelf, but very little else.

FAIRY TALES — ALEEGORIES OF THE INNER LIFE/tean c. Cooper. (1983). 159
pages, bibliography, index§ illustrated. Price £5.95 from: The Acquarian
Pressg A fascinating book that examines the recurring themes and
motifs in classic fairy.te1es; and shows how they relate to the symbolic
processes of the unconscious mind, although rather too esoteric at times,
Cooper makes her point well and the text is accompanied by some fine
illustrations, in particular those of Gustave Dore. v

FUTURE WEATHER - THE CAUSES & EFFECTS OF CLIEATTC CHANGE/gohn Gribbin.
(1985). 272 paces, index, bibliography, illustrated; £3.50 from
Penguin Books Ltd., Harmondsworth, Middlesex. A most readable book
by the bo—euther of ”hoe Jupiter Effect’ several years age. This
latest work concerns the Greenhouse Effect ~ in simple terms a build
up of carbon dioxide in the Earth‘s atmosphere leading to a tempenature
change. Gribhin structures the book well with some perceptive comments
on the political, as well as scientific, aspeots of the problem. ‘He
is also not too esoteric in his overview of the present state of
thinking/Eesearch and therefore this book can be recommended to the
persoh'wishing to read a‘qprimer' type book.

”5..

