 

i’L'i’fQHle‘; mm). mﬁsrmmmn cum.
E&t:£9?ﬁ. '

iEﬁESTlGifZQE & RESEARQE IRTO
URKDEHTIFIED FLYING OBJECTS

    

Raf; 39239010 58/85.. IOﬁhfﬁay I9“ .

a
Dear sir {ax Madam),

E am the Chairmaa.@f the abave Seoiety,and alse the Regiwnal Invegtigatians
GfEicem; (Swan .. west) m the British a.?.o. Research Asseciatien (3.1:.F.0.R.A.)

6'

My reasen fer writing :9 yeu,i$ ts request an a§peiatmeat,ia the naar future,
at yaur canvenience er ceurae. The subject Ear discuseien iﬁ an alleged a.?.e.
aighting (ané 1améing); very clase ta yaur Bas¢,thax eccuraﬁ in Fearnary this yamr.

We have geaé raassn ts beleive that thﬂ sighting was genuin$,and that tha
witnese &ié net fabricate a hypethetical event. Members of ear Society have viaitaa
aaé interviewed the witness {@r 9Ver twe hsuxs.

Aithsugh at $resent we are classifying thia incident as a °U.F.ﬁ.' inciaeﬁt, we
have met éismisgeﬁ the possisility that what tha witneas @bsarvaé,caula have been
a form ef experimental aerial craft - pmsaiﬁly frem yéur Bast. That 15,9f ceuree
if yen are iBVleeﬁ with design an& teating 9f axperimental aircraft. Sheuld tﬁig
be the true iaentity 5f this 'G.F.G.' sightin§,then a greater measure of safety is
certainly require&,as thia abject nearly cmllidaé with a waving vehicle:

Sh@ulé this sighting be truly unexplaine§,and yen were net rasyansihla far it,

then i wsnder,if Y9“ were able t9 track it &n tha radar facilities uaed at
R.A.F. St Mawgan?

we have calculated that the ebgect in queati¢a, might have §asaea thraugh year
Basaganﬁ inxﬁhermerﬁ ~ wa Beleive that it 1aaéeé 1933 than ﬁne mile away,burning
scil,grass and some small treeso ﬁe alas beleive that when it éeparteé after lanﬁing?
it hit a trea a3 it ascenésd.

E&eauae thera was an increase in raéiatien levals an trees gag groumé,after the
S.ERO. igeiéeut at R.A.F. Bentwatersfﬁbaébridgm,in Suffalx in Boeember I980,wa are
planning t9 axamine the readingﬁ a: radiaactivity at tha plaea sf impact ef this cases

Altheug& u.F.Oo investigaiars experienced a “mama 9f denial‘ @ver the ﬁafsﬁ.
nyy®ihaais $3 $93.?» gantyatarsjwsaébridge m by 39th M.G.D. ané 3.5.Aafg foicials
and even D S 8 at m.0.30 foicea in Landen,i truly hays thia will ngt ﬁe thé case
by Officials Exam a british Air Farce Establishment.

I lack ferwarﬁ is hearing fram ysu,in the n®t tag éistgnt future.

a

 

