 
   
 

I

ELIMDUTR 99?.0. INVESTIGAQION CENTRE.

$3.:19iﬁe

iNYKSTIGéﬂION & RESEABCR INTO
UEEDERTIFKED ELYING OBJECTS

39.353— 3313mm - 42f85 {3333 38/85) ITéh Play 85

D%ar Csmmunity Relaziwna Uffiear,

I am the Ghaimman af the aaave Seciety,and algﬂ the Ragianal investigatigns
Officer — Smuthm Weat, fer the Britimh H.?.O. Research Aasaciatian. (B,U.F.O.R.A.).

This is $3 ascend letter ta yea — during a telephmne C$nversatiea,ta year
Establishment taaay,they were nat aware sf my previous one,therefere,l ea writing yam
whether.

I am writing ta requeat an appeintment with yougngpefully in the near future
to talk abeut a H.?.ﬂ. sighting that accurreé early Fekruary. The ﬂighting was
@xtremely class t6 the perimeter 6f yeur Base and we beleive that the abject might
have slanéed’ an the greuné, fgr meme time. Our belief here,1ies with evidence 9? a
°1anéing‘ in the diacevexy 9f an area sf damaged and burneé grags,sei1 and treeg,
ana alﬁﬁ angther trae that “has beam.hit at th& tay,anapping several large branchea
3f: it,1t i8 thig,tnat i feel mwrs relevant»

UbviQusly we have net diamissed tne pessibility,that whatever caused this
ﬁamage,ana mare imgartantly,what aur witnasa observeé,was infaet same farm sf aircraft
being tested fxmm RAE St ﬂawgan. Hewever I must aéd,that,when airkwrne,the craft wag
anly 8 "ISft abmve the graun§z

Shaulé ygu ﬁe unaale ta account for this sighting,than did yau manage ts
recard it 63 year radar ayatem,at tha Base? Our wwn calculatiens indicate the ehject
eaulé have passeé aver the Base.

Since my last letter to yau,we have taxen radiaactivity reaéings at the areas
$f éamag§,5tateé aaevagan& I am happy ta repert thare were me abnarmalities detected.
Hawever,£ellewing the hypetnetical thecriea gut ferward,vnich were neithar aaniea,ner
cenfirmad by the M4035, gat 83F we¢iazidga in Suffalk,after thsi: strange incident in
Decem§§r I980,$ur own theeries must be similar tawthase in Suffelk,which were:-

t‘gyg “F%rashaﬂ aarial craft $$xper1menzal crafz,arjmiaalle gvzng astray. I state thawe

simply hecause the descriptien eﬁ the waaébriége incident,ané the ®ne 01959 ts yaur
Base,were nearly identical bath in éescriptiea and in sizefané algg aerial capability.

We tnaught that the Seat way :9 begin @ur taag 3f galving this aightinggis ta
aak yeux aﬁvicagpriax ta appreaching 395.8, in Landau.

We laek ferward ﬁg yaur ragly ta this cwrresymndancea

Yaurs Sincerely9

 

briwﬂﬁ a image,
ieszom mmmaﬂzoms GE‘FIGBR misﬁmﬁmxa
{5.24. 001),

