 

Slst May, 1985

See. AS.2a,

Room .40
Ministry of Defence,
Main Building,
London SW1A ZHB

Thank you for your letter of 15 May, replying to mine

0
to— of 25 February.

I am glad of your assurance that unidentified events in British
airspace and territory are properly evaluated by the MOD for their possible
Defence significance. It is no more than I would have expected from former coll-

eagues I

 

   

I gather from the duty desk (which I telephoned recently during
'silent' hours) and also from the Flying Complaints Flight at Rudloe Manor that
a standard form is currently in use for noting data reported by the public, the
civil police and the CAA. As one of those who are at present attempting to make
some scientific evaluation of a surprisingly persistent and not readily explicable
phenomenon, I was interested to discover that the MOD and the Flying Complaints
Flight have identified several factors which may be relevant in evaluating reports,
eg. the proximity of high—voltage lines or bodies of still water in the area of
a reported sighting. It would be of great value to myself and scientific colleagues
if I might have a copy of the standard report—form which is currently in use in
Whitehall and at the FCF. I assume that there can be no security objection to our
having it in view of your assurance that no Defence significance has ever been
detected in any sighting reported to Defence authorities. It would, on the other
hand, be Of interest to those who are looking at the matter from a scientific
standpoint lest there is any potential factor identified by MOD experts which we
may possibly have overlooked.

I assume from your recent re—organisation that the functions of both
the former D88 and the former 84(Air) have been absorbed into the new AS.2. If so,
I congratulate you on a desirable piece of tidying—up 1 The dividing line between
the two former Divisions was never easy to administer. My own Division, D88 (anyway
during my term as Head of D88 from early 1969 to late 1972) saw only such cases as
appeared to have a possible air defence significance; and we doubtless missed many
others. Nonetheless, the AD 'Cases' were often interesting. I have been a little
disappointed to see from the Answers to PQs in recent years that the MOD disclaims
having kept on record any material earlier than (as I recall) 1962 or so. Recent
enquiries to the Public Records Office suggest that this is not, in fact, quite
accurate: I have by me two written reports — freely available from the PRO ~ which
are dated 1950 and 1952, both by serving officers and both recording events in
British airspace which closely resemble the mass of material which continues to be
reported, and which we, with a scientific interest, cannot altogether dismiss.

I also recall having been shown, during 1970, during my term as Head
of D88, some interesting gun—camera 'clips' which suggested the existence of a
puzzling phenomenon observed by RAF pilots (notably during the 'flap' at Bentwaters/
Lakenheath in 1956). I hope these have not been thrown away. Now that we have had

