Conclusion: Who Goes There? 217

'1 for reasons which he still doesn’t understand. The movie displayed ﬁlm
“fps, some dating to World War II, of actual UFO activity in various places
and times. Several of the sequences showed UFOs near what appeared to
be ﬁghter aircraft, and in one sequence from the Korean War, a dise-shaped
object passed close to an MIG ﬁghter, causing it to crash. Wallace was
told they were being shown this so that they might better understand the
need for secrecy on the events of the 30th.

Wallace said that versions of the story leaked to the British media
detailing alien meetings in the forest and landing marks on the ground were
deliberately contrived by the military to mislead the public. The false evidence
was intended to be discovered by UFO investigators so that a negative evalua-
tion would be ascribed to the story, thus preserving secrecyt

It is quite a story, and coupled with other accounts of the Rendlesham
Forest events, we are inclined to think that something truly extraordinary
may have happened.

What was the Air Force’s ofﬁcial response to this? The authors ﬁled
a FOIA request with the 8lst Combat Support Group at RAF Bentwaters
to determine if documentation was on ﬁle at the base. A reply dated April
28, 1983, came from Col. Henry J. Cochran, Bentwaters Commander.

Reference your letter dated April 14, 1983 requesting information about
unknown aircraft activity near RAF Bentwaters. There was allegedly some
strange activity near RAF Bentwaters a! the approximate time in question
but not on land under US. Air Force jurisdiction and, therefore, no official
investigation was conducted by the 8‘lst Tactical Fighter Wing. Thus, the
records you request do not exist [emphasis added].

If no records exist, how did Col. Cochran know that something had happened
near Bentwaters? He was not the Bentwaters Commander at the time. F urther-
more, under the provisions of Air Force Manual 12—50, such records would
either have been destroyed after a short period of time or they would have
been passed along to a permanent storage facility for retention; that is, they
would no longer be at the base. And the investigation was probably not
conducted by the 8lst Tactical Fighter Wing but by someone else (031?).
On May 7, 1983, CAUS Researcher Director Robert Todd ﬁled an
FOIA request with the Air Force’s S 13th Combat Support Group for informa-
tion on the Rendlesham Forest affair. The 5l3th CSG provides document
management services for the Headquarters of the Third Air Force in Europe,
which covers the Bentwaters area. Our hopes were low for any positive results
as it seemed that a tight ring of secrecy was placed around the story.
However, in a June 14, 1983, letter from Col. Peter Bent, Commander
of the 513th CSG, an utterly stunning admission was made. Col. Bent said:

It might interest you to know that the US Air Force had no longer retained
a copy of the 13 January 1981 letter written by Lt Col Charles l. Halt.

