218 Conclusion: Who Goes There?

The Air Force file copy had been properly disposed of in accordance with
Air Force Regulations. Fortunately, through diligent inquiry and the gracious
consent of Her Majesty‘s government, the British Ministry of Defence and
the Royal Air Force, the US Air Force was provided a copy for you.

The January 13 letter was enclosed with C01. Bent’s response. It was on
the ofﬁcial letterhead of the Slst Combat Support Group at Bentwaters and
signed by Lt. Col. Halt, who was the Deputy Base Commander. The title
of the document is “Unexplained Lights,” and it reads like science ﬁction:

1. Early in the morning of 27 Dec 80 (approximately OSOOL). two USAF
security police patrolmen saw unusual lights outside the back gate at RAF
Woodbridge. Thinking an aircraft might have crashed or been forced down,
they called for permission to go outside the gate to investigate. The on-
duty flight chief responded and allowed three patrolman to proceed on
foot. The individuals reported seeing a strange glowing object in the forest.
The obiect was described as being metallic in appearance and triangular
in shape. approximately two to three meters across the base and approxi-
mately two meters high. It illuminated the entire forest with a white light.
The object itself had a pulsating red light on top with a bank(s) of blue
lights underneath. The object was hovering or on legs. As the patrolmen
approached the obiect. it maneuvered through the trees and disappeared.
At this time the animals on a nearby farm went into a frenzy. The object
was brieﬂy sighted approximately an hour later near the back gate.

2. The next day, three depressions 1V2" deep and 7" in diameter were
tound where the object had been sighted on the ground. The following
night (29 Dec 80) the area was checked for radiation. Beta/gamma readings
of 0.1 milliroentgens were recorded with peak readings in the three depres-
sions and near the center of the triangle formed by the depressions. A
nearby tree had moderate (.05-.07) readings on the side of the tree toward
the depressions.

3. Later in the night a red sun-like light was seen through the trees. It
moved about and pulsed. At one point it appeared to throw off glowing
particles and then broke into five separate white objects and then disap-
peared. immediately thereafter. three star-like objects were noticed in the
sky. two objects to the north and one to the south, all of which were about
10° all the horizon. The objects moved rapidly in sharp angular movements
and displayed red. green and blue lights. The objects to the north appeared
to be elliptical through an 8—1 2 power lens. They then turned to full circles.
The objects to the north remained in the sky for an hour or more. The
object to the south was visible for two or three hours and beamed down
a stream of light from time to time. Numerous individuals, including the
undersigned, witnessed the activities in paragraphs 2 and 3.

Outside of some small variation in detail, the story in the document is amaz-
ingly similar to what Art Wallace described. This letter was certainly part
of a more detailed ﬁle, since it is clear that an ofﬁcial investigation was
conducted. Looking back at Col. Cochran’s April 28 response to our inquiry
on Rendlesham, we now see that it amounts to nothing more than a gross

