ﬁd "t" 70
ANN 0L

SUBJECT:

 

 

DEPARTMENT or THE AIR FORCE ‘;,.f’:"';:7
nswoumxtas 3m coma,“ sum-oax GROUP (95AM) "‘ 2'
APO NEW 1‘06“. OHS: : :'.
-. $333355?
C” ‘ 13 Jan 8] 1:3;

Unexplained Lights

RAF/CC

]. Early in the morning of 27 Dec 80 (approximately O3OOL), two USAF
security police patronen saw unusual Tights outside the back gate at

RAF Hoodhridge. Thinking an aircraft might have crashed or been forced
down, they called for permission to go outside the gate to investigate.
The on-duty fTight chief responded and aTTowed three patrolman to pre~
ceed on foot. The individuaTs reported seeing a strenge gTowing object
in the forest. The object was described as being metaTic in appearance
and triangular in shape, appr0ximate1y two to three meters across the
base and approximately two meters high. It illuminated the entire forest
with a white Tight. The object itself had a pulsing red light on top and
a bank(s) of bTue Tights underneath. The object was hovering or on legs.
As the patrolmen approached the object, it maneuvered through the trees
and disappeared. At this time the animals on a nearby'farm went into a
frenzy. The object was briefly sighted approximately an hour Tater near
the back gate. -

2. The next day, three depressions T 1/2” deep and 7“ in diameter were
found where the object had been sighted on the ground. The foTTowing
night (29 Dec 80) the area was checked for radiation. Beta/gamma readings
of 0.] miTliroentgens were recerded with peak readings in the three de-
pressions and near the center of the triangle formed by the depressions.

A nearby tree had moderate (.OS—.O7) readings on the side of the tree
toward the depressions. ‘

3. Later in the night a red Sun-Tike Tight was seen through the trees.

It moved ab0ut and pulsed. At one point it appeared to throw off gTowing
particles and then broke into five separate white objects and then dis-
appeared. Immediately thereafter, three star—Tike objects were noticed

in the sky. two objects to the n0rth and one to the south, all of which
were about 100 off the horizon. The objects moved rapidTy in sharp angular
movements and dispTayed red, green and bTue lights. The objects to the
north appeared to be eTTipticaT thruugh an 8-12 pewer Tens. They then
turned to full circTes. The objects to the north remained in the sky for
an hour or nmre. The object to the south was visibTe for two or three
hours and beamed down a stream of light from time to time. Numerous indivi—
duals, incTuding the undersigned, witnessed the activities in paragraphs

2 and %.

IALT, Lt Col, USAF
Deputy Base Connmnder

, MW». < <: -t -. t- . .._ , ».- \ ~_..\.\ m». "mm“... .,.... “V.

