 

.Ji r
Rargfes...2

2: We are investigating an incident dated 2 August 1984 from SaliSbury Plain, Wilts.
This occurred at 23.00 EST and was reported by —and 'famil ,of
Bedfordshire.We have received excellent cooperation from them and from PC ‘of
the Hitohin police, who investigated the matter at their request on 3 August. The
matter was reported to the MoD,as both witness and police affirm. We recognise that
certain aspects of the case fit a military manouvre that was going on that night;
although some puzzles remain. It would help us in our resolution of this case if you
COUld Offer any data you have at your end. I know you regard things as confidential,
and that you have decided not to release data generally. I respect the reasoninglkmths
But here I am making a Specific request with the backing of police and witnesses, so
there is no real purpose in confidentiality. Any records you have for that event/or
potentially related events on the same night would help.

3: Finally I am making a request for any information you may have regarding an
incident which occuured around midnight on the night of 23-24 August 1984 in the
vicinity of Tpswioh. We have details of an in—flight collision between an aircraft
and somethiwg (which at this point we have no reason to suspect is UFO related).

The airport involved and.the investigators of the accident have been helpful.But it
would be useful to have any data which the MOD have at their disposal on this affair.
If you have any reports of sightings around this time it would be interesting to
know; although in this case there is more than a fair chance the soufoe was not a
UFO—related phenomenon.

  
 
 
 

I address my commuhioation direct to or the current section head of

DS 8, rather than—I know oourteously asserts that he

is the person we should 00mmunioate with, but with all due reapeot we have good
reason for in this instance not doing so. No offence on intended. I
am sure he is very able at his job. And our reasons for contacting direct

are not personal.

Yours sincerely,

 

(Director of Investigations)

 

