*«uwz. _ . _ﬂ_._.,.

. t nee. t ”W-mm"~“ ,.,,.,..

A .s‘ m...,..‘..M.,~wm~umm.~—mm-. . .

 

EARTH LY CURIOSITIES

 

 

 

 

 

ALIEN
INVASION
0R HOAX?

For several years, southern Britain
has experienced what some
DeOp/e claim is the work of
pranksfers and others say IS
evidence that UFO’s have
landed. Charles Walker
investigates the mysfenbus carcies
which have again appeared

 

My attention was first drawn to these
strange circles when a set of five, one
iarge surrounded by four smaiier ones.
appeared in a wheatfield at Patching.
Sussex. They appeared some time
between 10pm on 28 June and dawn on 29
June 1985. The central and largest of the
circles measured some 50ft in diameter
and the foursmalier ones 15ftin diameter.
The wheat had been neatly ﬂattened
by a swirling motion in a clockwise
direction.

The circles were a reasonable distance
from the road and. at the time they were
discovered, there was no trace of any of
the surrounding crop having been fiat-
tened as it would have been it anyone had
waiked into the field to select the site. For
this reason it was suggested that the
marks would have to be made by
something landing on the spot. My initial
enquiries revealed that most people were
of the opinion that a UFO was responsi-
ble. Obviously there were those who
preferred to dismiss it as a hoax, although
they have not provided a suitable
explanation as to how this could be done
without damaging the surrounding crop.

UFO sighting
At the time that news broke of the
circles, no one except myself and the

witnesses were aware of the fact that at ’ '

9.35pm on 25 June a UFO had been seen
by five witnesses. The sighting was

FEBRUARY 1986

reported to me on 26 June by' Wayne
Lewis who. along with his brother Ricky
and three friends, had seen what they
described as a yellowy white light moving
in the direction of Clapham, which is but a
short distance from Patching.

For approximately ten minutes the
object hovered over Clapham Wood
where the light became more intense and
began pulsating. After this it took off at a
reasonbly high speed and was lost trom
sight within a matter of seconds.

Mysterious circles

Although there were no UFO sightings
on the actual evening that the circles
appeared -—at least as far as i am aware— it
is interesting to note that there does
always seem to be a UFO sighting
reported within a few days, and at the
most a week, before the circles appear.

The very same weekend five circles.
similar in dimension to those at Patching,
appeared in a wheatfield alongside the B
3093 at Bratton. Wiitshire. This is not the
first time that such circles have appeared
in this area. m Juiy1983 their appearance
made the national news mainly because
of Bratton‘s close proximity to Warmins-
ter, which became famous in the mid
19605 for the number of UFO sightings
and reported landings.

Throughout July 1985 the circles
appeared in Hampshire and Wiltshire. tn
Hampshire one Airestord farmer lost

please mention THE UNKNOWN when replying to any advertisement 87

