 

 

:-

‘2':
1'

pm. .-....vr ~ .3.» ~an ... 3-»:

:::l' lNVASlON OP HOAX? E:::l

crops for the sixth year running asa result
of the mysterious circles. Once again the
dimensions were the same as in the other
areasahd just days before they appeared
local police were involved in checking
out a UFO report. .

A brilliantly lit circular obiect was seen
hovering over Stockbridge Down,
Hampshire by Jack and Pat Collins whilst
driving home one night. Mrs Collins said
‘It looked like a big funfair wheel
hovering in the sky’. The object was not
visible for very long as the road along
which the couple were travelling was tree
lined and the object was therefore
blotted out by the trees. They made no
attempt to stop for a better look but on
reaching home telephoned the police.
who searched the area but found nothing.

Although the object was not visible for
very long, perhaps five minutes at the
most, Mr Collins was able to make a
sketch. which perhaps provides the first
clue as to what might be responsible for
the circles. According to Mr Collins. the
outer perimeter appeared to be a con-
tinuous ring of light, whilst the spokes

 

 

 
   

"v- . ‘
“-qu .zsm- mam;

68 please mention THE UNKNOWN when replying to any advertisement

w?“ 1‘ , ‘

Circles In fields alongside the 83093 a! Bratton Taken from the top of Bratton Castle

and the four quarters consisted of
numerous individual lights, the lights of
the spokes being considerably brighter
than the others.

Neat pattern

If an object such as that described
above were to land and the underside of
the craft. with it's spoke like construction.
were to rotate as it did so or once it had
landed, then it would almost certainly
produce the neat pattern of flattened
crop which is a feature of these circles. Of
course attached to this large circular
object there would have to be four
smaller ones which must also rotate in the
same way. Again from the neat way in
which the crop is flattened within the
smaller circles they would have to have
the same construction.

Mr and Mrs Collins did not see anything
attached to the large circular object they
observed hovering over the countryside.
However. if we accept the tact that a UFO
was responsible for the circles - and by
UFO, I mean an aerial object which has so
far defied identification and not neces—

   

  

FEBRUARY 1986

