DEPARTMENT OF THE AIR FORCE '
m ucmzm POLICE sausonou (nun
no m4 nmcnsco um

.0" y. a“ ‘5‘_ $~ﬁko
"noon 4-" ’5». z r. .
u ’ . ~. .4‘ .
-- 212'“§"J . ',r’ '1'

 

IWKCVI

Response to:- Bequest of Information in Relation to UPO Contact and
Othsr Related intonation

V0:

Len Stringtiold

1. In January of 1978, I wee station at HcGuix-e AFB, N.J.. One evenim; , during the

time km or 03001111. md OSOth-s., there were a number of UFO sightins in the area over
the 0:1: field and Ft. DIX Amy camp. I am a security policeman and was on routine patrol
at the tin. NJ. State Police, and Pt. Dix P{P'e were runnig code in the direction of
Browmvino,N.J.. A state trocper then entered Gate #5 at. the rear of the base: requesting
assistance and. permission to enter. I vxs dispatched and the trooper Wanted access to tho
runway area. which led to the very back of the air field and connected with a heavily watch '
ed area which is part of the Dix training tren. He informed me that :1 Ft. Dix. ti? um
pursueing a low flying object which'then hovered over his cur. Ho describad it an oval
shaped, with no details, and glowing with a bluoish green color. His radio tramxfwzioa
was cut ctr. At that time in front of his police car, appeared a thing, nbcut hit. tall,
grayish, brawn, tat head, long am, and slender body. The 3f? panicked and first! five.
rounds from his .115 Cal into the thing, and one round into the object above. 2;: object
then [led straight up and Joined with eleven others high in the sky. This we all sgu

but didn't know the details at the time. Anyway, The ting ran into the woods towards our
fencolins and they wanted to look for it. By this time several patrols were involved.

2. We found the body of the thing neu- the runway. It had apparently climbed the fence
and died while running. It was 311 or I sudden hush-hush and no one was allowed near

the area. 'n'e roped off the area and AP 081 came out and took over. That was the last I
saw of it. There was a bad stench coming from it too. Like ammonia smiling but it
wasn't constant in the air. That day, a team mom Wright-Patterson AFB care in a 6131.

and went to the area. They crtted it in a wooden box, sprwed something over it, and then
put it into a bigger metal container. They loaded it in the plane and took off. That
was it, nothing more said, no report made and we were all told not to have anything to
say about it or we would be court mortiﬁed.

3. I will be getting out of the air force in about two months. Do Not disclose my harm
as I could get into trouble. I am interested in pursuing this and other matter: if you
need help. Forgive me for not signing this .but I can't take any chancos. Please repb
to the above address and my parents will forward it to me or I will be hm already.
Don't send it here because they monitor all mail closely and I again don't want to

take any chances.

 

awwlpm.wh

 

