 

545‘70/2
— nodal)

UFO RESEARCH, BROADCASTS 8 LECTURES

 

     

IIIIIIIIIIII!'II| J

Secretariat Air Staff) 2 Filf‘E\J
Room— ' ‘
Ministry of Defence

Main Building

Whitehall

London SW1A ZHB 10 December 1985

near—

I thought you would be interested in the following sighting report which I have
recently investigated. Although I doubt if there is any defence significance I feel
sure that you would like to have it on file - especially if you received any other
reports on the date and at the-location specified.

 

 

The sighting took place on Friday, 20th September 1985, between 1700-1730 hrs., at
the Outer Circle of Regents Park, near the junction.muif1 Park Square. 'The weather

at the time was clear and sunny. The witness,— was walking towards
her parked car in the Outer Circle when her attention was drawn to a very bright object

hovering in the sky at low altitude, at an estimated elevation of 450 looking East.

The object appeared to be rotating about its axis at the rate of approximately 3 rev-
olutions per second. As you will note from the appended sketch made by the witness,
the object seemed to have 'faces' or 'facets' which flickered as they caught the sun.
The object also bounced around as it rotated, although remaining in a closely pre—
scribed area (not more than a few square feet). It appeared to be made of a smooth,
highly—polished metal. As you know, distances and dimensions are difficult to gauge
when dealing with unidentified objects, but the witness feels reasonably certain that
its altitude was about twice as high as the trees in Nash’ferraces and approximately
2 — 3 feet in diameter.

The witness is highly intelligent and observant, and has a BSC in Zoology. As an exp—
erienced ornithologist she is naturally familiar with most objects in the sky that
might have accounted for the sighting, and rejects the possibility that the object
could have been any type of balloon. Furthermore, there was no sign of any tethering.
A number of other people had stopped to gaze at the object. ”watched
it for about 5 minutes but was unable to stay any longer as s e was in a urry. The
object was still in view when she drove off.

Should you require further details the witness may be telephoned on 677 1946, mornings
only. It would certainly be interesting to learn if there were any other reports.

I am also enclosing a Copy of a report which I think does have defence interest, and

which you are welcome to retain on file. The witness— seems thor—
oughly honest to me, and he would be glad to talk to your people if necessary. I have
not published this account yet, and would be delighted to quote the MoD's comments.

I would also like to know if you received any reports from MOD installations at the
time, date and location mentioned? Or at least a report of the MOD policemen's chat

with —
I look forward to hearing from you (also in connection with my last two letters).

With many thanks,

 

 

 

