S736 (is) magmas; ._

§E{A€'\') 2 Mean. «Eb Aw/ haw + («he gas-e (“:1 dA-Q/Sisx'gdt
L;“ 5L4») Am a", 1‘: L 17/0?- (ﬂtrn? 4.6/34),

CAI {Yr 1 ”/M N»; 1.2 .VdsarLGQd *3 NM ﬂﬂ‘ 5' Iva”, (3. (w“'

M’- /'V ‘V PW ‘ Section 40
Section 4(

September 28, I987 Sheffield Secﬂorl40
T 2 '
e1 Section 40 South Yorkshire

Dear Sir,

I am writing as a student at Sheffield University and area representative of the
Independant UFO Network, which investigates alleged sightings of "UFOs" in the north
of England. '

My reason for contacting you is to ask if your Ministry is aware of the numerous
sightings of an unidentified delta—volent.ehaped flying object, carrying a barrage
of brilliant lights, over the towns of Derby and Uttoxeter on the nights of Sunday,
August I6th and Monday, August 17th, I987 respectively. I have personally interviewed
six witnesses who obtained very good views of this object, including a couple who came
within 100 feet of it when returning home to Derby on the night of August 16th.

I would like to ask if you can provide any suggestions or explanations as to what
was observed on the above nights, and whether there was any military/RAE/NATO exercise
or helicopter manoeuvres taking place in the above areas at the stated times. I realise
this information may be confidential, but I must stress that I have no wish to know
what may have been going on that night, only if there were military aircraft in the
area at the time that the Ministry was aware of.

I would also like to ask if the Ministry has received any other reports relating
to Unidentified Aerial Phenomena reported during the month of August I987,and if so
whether details could be provided.

I am preparing a detailed dossier containing the relevant details of the cases I.
have investigated above (including a sighting in Barnsley in which the witness obtained
photographs of an unknown flying object which are are the moment being analysed by
- computer in the USA), and will provide a copy for your Ministry if you feel these
incidents are of defence interest,

I look forward to hearing from you in the near future (SAE enclosed),
MIMSTRY 0F DEFENLJ’;

Sec.(AS)2
.. 6 OCT ‘98] ’ Yours faithfully,

Section 40

 

 

 

 

FILE '74 3

—~——

 

 

