Private and Confidential. SeCﬂOFI4O

 

South Kensington
LondonSeCﬂon4O

Chief of The ‘i
Ministry Of Def
F-IOL) Building
South Entrance

r Staff 25th August 1987
0

!‘:CC

.. . - 4 /‘ I
Whitehall , ' ' /
London SW1. C/l“Lixq!‘ ( le"(,rLL3 'év

. , /’"
m3 ( C‘ '4’: [42,, 1.14 {J 5/.

Ltjuﬂ

21?]

Dear Sir,

In 1952 I was stationed in the Far East with the RAF at a particularly
large and important base, and during one fine summers day with not a

cloud in sight, nOr any aircraft about, or balloons or flares, suddenly
and in full view of everyone on the base, we were deliberately buzzed

by a large flying disc which glowed red on the trailing edge as it made
several passes over our basin which housed our Vampire and Meteor aircraft,
and it also glowed silver in the middle, and it made a loud buzzing sound
as it shot about. The disc was in the area for about three minutes before
it shot straight up to the zenith at a speed our radar chaps estimated

to be about 600 knots. ’

We were told not to write home about it, or to talk about it to outsiders,
but we were all aware that we had seen something of great importance, and
since then I have been studying intelligent reports, and I am convinced
that governments are aware that these things are not coming from outer
Space, other galaxies either, but somewhere else, another place, and if
you read the book "Clear Intent" published be Prentice-hall, which is
total documentary, 250 pages of declassified TOp Secret documents from

a whole host of US Agencies, about UFO activity, CIA,lBI, NSA, NORAD, SAC,
OSI, CIC, DIA, NPIC, ATIC, etc, and with gracious consent from H.M. Govennent
MOD and the RAF, the landing of a UFO in Rendlesham Forest/RAF Bentwaters
which is owned by NOD and leased out to the US Air Force, on December 50th
1980. ,

I trust you are still nos putting out the same old reply to public interest
on UFO matters, in that you only investigate UFO reports to establish if
there is a threat to National Defence, and if there is no threat, that is
the end of the matter. We do not investigate.whether UFOs exist, or what
causes them.

So let me ask you who decides in the MOD there is no danger to our defences,
and how do‘ypu investigate it?

Yours sincerely

Secﬂon40

 

