Pwmoum U.F.D. rem/f
HESEHBEH BHUUP

196$

'guFoss

Section 40 . CHAIRMAN- RESEARCH OFFICER ‘ reply :9-
HON SECRETARY Sedmn40
HON: TREASURER

"ourroh $3,1(3 \ your101: date:29—8—87

 

 

. Dear Sir,

‘ I E.m compiling a full report on x sighting of two very large
UfOS,W'iiCh were Seen, by x.hat I estimate to have been hundreds of people,in
Plymout}. F:10ne. These Ufos made successive passes over the city between th e
hours of 10.30pm and 2.00am on the evening of the h/Sth of August.

These two objects had been seen 30 minutes earlier flying at
geeat height,over Exeter in 3 NE to SW direction.They were tracked on radar
by Air Treffic.Control n t Exeter and by people in the town.

I know that in the past the authorities have refused to rel—
eaSe any information(with some notable exceptions)but this was such a signi—
ficant event,that I sincerely hoye that you will be able to help me with
some details,if you would be so kind. A

A feature of the incident that I am finding hard to clarify,
is the height at which the objects were flying and their size.'ﬂhile flying
over Plymouth,the witnesses here(myself included)felt that they were at a h
height of something betWeen g and a % a mile,amd apparently the 812 e of a
jumbo; jet.However the two delta shaped objects were seen at the same time
in the Plymouth direction,from Buderon the north coast,a distance or hOmiles
away.The Bude sighting was by an RAF wartime navigator,who states that he
has never seen anything like-them in all his years associated with planes
and flying.l shoul d think we can take the word of a wartime RAF mun ,eh?

So would it be possible for you to gch me any information
regarding the height, size and Speed with which you tracked these objects?
Were any aircrui‘t sent up to invesiigate these Ufos? .

If not, what criteria do you use for deciding whether to inVest-
igate unknown aircraft eneering our a.ir-Space?

And following that what do you suggest I say to all these peo~
ple,who ask me what is the RAF doing about these things?

Believe me this was every impressive "diSplay"by a very impre-
ssive unknown flying aircraft,of which three sets of photographs were taken
that I know of,and as I was writing this I have just had a phone call from
further along the Devon coast of a lot of Ufo activity in the last two weeks.
Helicopters being seen the following day circling the area,where Ufo was seen.
I dont know what you may know,but I have a strong feeling that this Ufo act—
ivity will be increasing in the future.This is after an 18 month lull in Ufo
activity over the Plymouth area.Any ideas on this?

I lSSUPO you that any information would be treated in the str-
ictest confidence ,if requested, .

' yours faithfully \

SeCﬂon4O

i

ChqiﬁgLQA, ta&£b~h&~z

QEEEEI ,ﬂ~e—7~v 4W7 uywwV,AY 4/kagyxk 3 y«b,,dL&L-MM§ / &A&—dkﬁuk

M Ma Algae. Section 40

-.~.

 

