0n the night of the 16th Feb. I985 I crossed our farmyard and
happened to look up at the sky as it was so clear and the stars were
very bright, the first time for several weeks. Although I am not.
familiar with the positions and names of stars, one very brlght llght
to the west caught my attention. It appeared about 31x tlmes large?
than the brightest constellation that night and seemed to hover as 1?
dangling from a string. About every five minutes the 1ntensity of llght
increased and a red glow at the base seemed to increase. The green rays
on either side seemed more definite. After two minutes the light would

decrease and the colours fade.

I called my husband, who was quite sceptical until he watched it
for a few minutes. He said it could only be a hot-air ballonn and the
periodic red glow was the gas. I pointed out that there was quite a lot
of wind and I did not see how a hot-air balloon could remain fairly
stationary for such a long period. We debated the various possibilities
and came to the conclusion that we were witnessing one of the mysterious
UFO's we had previouSIy ridiculed.

I first spotted it at 8.Iopm and continued to observe it until 8.L5pm.
At this time it seemed to move furthe away, due west and then suddenly
accelerated at a high speed, gaining heght until it became ﬂgint and
finally disappearea. This sudden move took place over a period of
about 1% minutes.

I then phoned the Air base at Aberporth and spoke to the constable
on duty. He phoned me back later to say there had been no other reports
of such a sighting and there was no pcssibility of it being a hot—air
balloon or a helicopter. The weather conditions were clear so it
could not be confused with inelement weather conditions. The lack of
other sightings could be put down to the fact that it was a bitterly
cold night with sub-zero temperatures and few people were venturing out.
We only happened to see it as we had to croas the yard,to the shed
where we were lambing’at frequent intervals.

The following night I looked for it again and observed it at 7pm.
It was in the west and the light did not vary in intensity as on the
previous night. The red glow at the base and green on either side
were still visible. I did not call neighbours as I expected it to
disappear before they could get here and they night have doubted my
credibility had they arrived to find it gone. Irmoved very slowly
across the sky towards the north, sinking lower on the horizon. It
eventually became redder and disappeared over the horizon at 9.50pm.
I rang the nearest neighbours at 9.30pm but they could not see it as
it had sunk toolow on the horizon to be visible from their place.
I reported it to Aberporth but once more they said they had not observe&
it. Our farm lies at an altitude of 650 ft in rolling hills where
the visibility varies donsiderably between different farms. The colour

was more intense than that from a plane and a larger 9? area of
surrounding sky was lit up by it than from the lights of a plane.
¢

~ —

