UNUSUAL OCCURRENCE lurO?)

 

1. On Monday 5 Aug 1985 Mr Section 40 GOODwORTH, CLATFORD
who farms near the AAC Centre, Middle Hallop telephoned to report some
extraordinary depressions in a field of near ripe wheat, and asked, "What on

earth we (THE AAC) were up to now?" I took the Aircraft Accident Investigation
Officer (AIFSO) Maj Secﬂon4ﬂEME with me and went to inspect the scene.

2. The site, Grid Reference 3h6392 was a vergin, un4weather damaged, near ripe
field of wheat. We found the following:

a.' An exactly circular hole in the wheat in which the wheat had been

laid flat in a clockwise twist NO ft in diameter. (As if a plank had

-been put with one end at the centre and then swept round in a complete

circle). ~ There were one or two stalks of wheat standing which had sprung

upright again. The wheat on the edge of the circle was completely upright
. _ . and undamaged. .

b. Four separate, smaller circles approx twelve feet in diameter, exactly
similar to the larger one. These were set in a precise square, NORTH/SOUTH
and EAST/WEST, with their centres “3 paces from the centre of the large circle.

c. There were absolutely no tracks in the wheat. To have set the holes
in such a precise pattern manually would have required a tape measure or
string, and the users would have been bound to leave tracks in the wheat.

d. All but one of the holes touched onto the main furrows in the wheat,
‘and could therefore be approached from the edge of the field without leaving
tracks. However there was no way of moving from one to the other without
leaving tracks in the wheat, except by going some 200 yards to the edge of
the field, and then back down another_main furrow. One of the smaller
holes was completely isolated. —

3. Ma) seCtion 4on some polaroid photographs which are included with this

report. Mr-Secﬁor|¢03emi professional photographer, took some 120mm colour
photographs. I subsequently took rk'Secﬂonaﬂm we photographed the scene from

the air. By that time some half a dozen sight—seers were on the scene and a track,
which had not been there when we were on the ground, had been made out to the
isolated hole.

u. ‘ Present at the initial viewing were:

Lt Col Secﬂor|40 AFC AAC
Maj I Section 467MB ' ‘
”P & Section 40

Mr Section 40
And two others

None of us could offer any reasonable explanation.

Section 40

5’ Aug 8: _ u‘ I 802 Avn Stds HQ DAAC

.-....... . v. '.

. |
Pinup—rs” nsb‘uw~-4u—w—‘w—.v—m § .—-~——-.-._.. ~,_‘,, - ._.- . .. .- ». . , .. I'm“~——tx
». .

