 

 

 

”~74'. Assuming, as I hope, that the Ministry of Defence does not
ignore the reports reaching it (and we have been told in
reply to Parliamentary questions that they amount to some
hundreds a year from civilian scurces alone), what steps
are taken by the Department to investigate them? In par—

ticular:— .

i) Are they dealt with solely ad hoc, using routine staff
channels? or is there some specialist group, either
within the Whitehall eatablishment or elsewhere, which
is charged with taking an expert View? If so, to whom
do they report? And what is their composition? Do
they include civilian advisers from outside your
Department? '

What part is played, if any, by the Flying Complaints
Flight at RAF Rudloe Manor? ‘
What part, if any, is played by Air Staff Secretariats
2 & B? V

How many of the reports of unusual phenomena have been re-

ceived from Defence establishments, including reports from
the pilots-of military aircraft? ‘ ' .

What material does your Department have of traces left on
military radar or in photographic form either from sorties

by military aircraft or from ground-based or ship-based
facilities? ,

Can any Such material be released either to me or to re-
sponsible persons outside your Department for purposes of
scientific study?

In troubling you with these Questions I am well aware that
their subject matter has often been thought easy to ridicule,
especially when associated with some of the wilder notions which are
current among the civilian research groups. I am not wedded to any
particular theory myself. I do, on the other hand, believe that
there is overwhelming evidence for a persistent phenomenon of a
highly unusual character. This is, at the least,of considerable
scientific interest; and I have not yet heard anything from your
Department which convinces me that it is wholly without Defence
significance. I would be reassured to know either that it is being

adequately gripped as a Defence matter (and, if so, by precisely
what means) or that material held by your Department can be released

 

 

 

 

